Copyright
That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 
5
FUSE
Translation by Kevin Gifford
Cover art by Mitz Vah
This book is a work of fiction. 
Names, characters, places, and
incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used
fictitiously. 
Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons,
living or dead, is coincidental.
TENSEI SHITARA SLIME DATTA KEN volume 5
© Fuse / Mitz Vah
All rights reserved.
First published in Japan in 2015 by MICROMAGAZINE PUBLISHING
Co.
English translation rights arranged with MICROMAGAZINE
PUBLISHING Co. 
through Tuttle-Mori Agency, Inc., Tokyo.
English translation © 2019 by Yen Press, LLC
Yen Press, LLC supports the right to free expression and the value of
copyright. 
The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists
to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.
The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without
permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. 
If you would
like permission to use material from the book (other than for review
purposes), please contact the publisher. 
Thank you for your support of
the author’s rights.Yen On
1290 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10104
Visit us at 
yenpress.com
facebook.com/yenpress
twitter.com/yenpress
yenpress.tumblr.com
instagram.com/yenpress
First Yen On Edition: April 2019
Yen On is an imprint of Yen Press, LLC.
The Yen On name and logo are trademarks of Yen Press, LLC.
The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are
not owned by the publisher.
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data
Names: Fuse, author. 
| Mitz Vah, illustrator. 
| Gifford, Kevin, translator.
Title: That time I got reincarnated as a slime / Fuse ; illustration by
Mitz Vah ; translation by Kevin Gifford.
Other titles: Tensei Shitara Slime datta ken. 
English
Description: First Yen On edition. 
| New York : Yen ON, 2017–
Identifiers: LCCN 2017043646 | ISBN 9780316414203 (v. 
1 : pbk.) |
ISBN 9781975301118 (v. 
2 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975301132 (v. 
3 :
pbk.) | ISBN 9781975301149 (v. 
4 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975301163 (v.
5 : pbk.)
Subjects: GSAFD: Fantasy fiction.
Classification: LCC PL870.S4 T4613 2017 | DDC 895.63/6—dc23
LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2017043646
ISBNs: 978-1-9753-0116-3 (paperback)
978-1-9753-0117-0 (ebook)
E3-20190316-JV-NF-ORICONTENTS | A DEMON LORD’S AWAKENING
Cover
Insert
Title Page
Copyright
Prologue: The Day of Ruin
Chapter 1: Calmer Days
Chapter 2: Prelude to Calamity
Chapter 3: Despair and Hope
Chapter 4: The Birth of a Demon Lord
Chapter 5: The Unleashed
Epilogue: The String-Puller in the Shadows
Afterword
Yen NewsletterStay up to date On Light Novels by Downloading our mobile App
ZeroBooks
Download all your Favorite Light Novels
Jnovels.comPROLOGUE
THE DAY OF RUIN
The demon lord Carillon gazed up at the sky, a tense look on his face. Far
beyond, he could feel a large, concentrated ball of magical energy flying his
way, its aura so powerful that its owner didn’t even bother to conceal it.
It had to be his fellow demon lord Milim. She was clearly ready for
combat, and her target was this very country.
Swooping in faster than the speed of sound, Milim stopped on a dime
directly above Carillon’s castle. The declaration that ensued was made at
deafening volume. It generally unfolded like this:
“Ah-ha-haaa! I am Milim Nava, the demon lord! And as of this moment, I
hereby declare all treaties and agreements made between myself and the other
demon lords null and void. That includes any and all pacts made with the
demon lord Carillon! I’m also declaring war on him, so how about we meet
up again a week from now? Best of luck trying to figure out how to deal with
me. Ahhhhh-ha-ha-haaa!!”
As both a demon lord and Beast Master of his realm, Carillon got a
headache from simply this one-sided declaration. “What in the hell is that
airheaded woman thinking?!” he pondered. But he could stew over this later.
For now, he needed to give out his marching orders.
“All warriors of the realm, assemble here at once!!”
The command was carried out with all due haste. In another moment, the
whole of the Beast Master’s Warrior Alliance—led by their erstwhile leaders,
the Three Lycanthropeers—was assembled in the great plaza in front of the
castle.
“My lord,” stated the Golden Snakehorn Alvis, “we are all present, save
Page|1
Goldenagato|  for Gruecith.”
“Right.” Carillon sagely nodded. That single moment was enough,
apparently, for him to compose his thoughts. “In a week’s time,” he gravely
began as his army eagerly awaited his speech, “that Milim will come to attack
us. The impertinent fool has abandoned all agreements made with other
demon lords, not even bothering to convene a Walpurgis to make it official.
This means she has made enemies out of all ten of the other great demon
lords who rule the lands. It is simply beyond comprehension. Milim always
was one to work on impulse a little too quickly, but she can be both cunning
and prudent in thought. I can only assume something has happened to drive
her into action.”
No one in the audience doubted him. They could hear Milim well enough
from back there. But it all seemed so unreal that many among them couldn’t
even guess how to respond.
“So,” Alvis calmly said, “how are the other demon lords reacting?”
“Frey and Clayman aren’t believing a word of it,” Carillon spat back.
“Valentine’s as unresponsive as always, and Ramiris is too busy bragging
about her ‘new guardian’ or whatnot to listen to a word I say. My compatriot
Guy couldn’t care less, and I imagine the other three are similarly
disinterested. Of course, if Milim and I really do engage in war, they’ll
certainly be forced to believe it then.”
It didn’t sound like Carillon had many allies to rely on.
“Then war is the only option, General!” bellowed Sufia, the Snowy
Tigerclaw. “And as for me, I’ve already got a ticket for the front row!”
Phobio, the Black Leopard Fang and a man known to let his passion for
battle get the best of him, rose. “Sufia,” he said, “you can be so optimistic
only because you know nothing about the demon lord Milim’s strengths. I
can’t state this more clearly—she is on a different level from anyone else.
The entire Warrior Alliance could take her on and be wiped out within
seconds.”
His previous experience with Milim gave him due reason to be cautious,
taking a more analytical approach to this threat. As far as he was concerned,
any fight would mean a quick defeat for them.
“I am glad to see you act more maturely, Phobio. You know of Milim’s
power; I have no reason to doubt you. So who do you think is stronger—
Milim or myself?”
Page|2
Goldenagato|  Phobio winced at Carillon’s fastball of a question. He took a moment to
compose himself, then looked his master in the eye.
“It is impossible for me, Lord Carillon, to estimate the full strengths of
two demon lords. However, as rude as it may be to say, I can tell you that the
demon lord Milim lives up to every syllable of her alias, the Destroyer.”
He had avoided giving a direct answer, but Carillon could read between
the lines well enough.
“Really, then! She is stronger than myself?” He gave this a good belly
laugh. “Then perhaps this is the perfect opportunity to show all of you how
powerful the Beast Master can truly be!”
This, as far as Carillon was concerned, could be a golden opportunity.
And he was not trusting too much upon his own powers, either. He knew,
with reasonable certainty, that Milim was likely stronger than he was. But—
“You know, in the end, if I turn tail and flee from my foes simply because
of their strength, would I honestly deserve to be called demon lord? Plus, you
want me to give up the chance to fight one of the most legendary demon lords
ever? I’d never turn my back on that much excitement!”
Now his blood was pumping, his heart dancing in his rib cage. Milim was
a pillar of strength. One of the oldest demon lords and (despite her looks)
someone who struck fear in the hearts of almost anyone with a pulse. And
he’d get to fight her. It was impossible not to be enthusiastic.
His parents had told him, as a child, a fairy tale about a dragon princess
who ruled as a tyrant over her kingdom. Perhaps it was about Milim; perhaps
it was about someone else. But back then, his parents’ words to him were:
“Inspire the wrath of the dragon princess, and your nation shall fall to
ruin! Do not engage in conflict with the dragon princess, at all costs!”
Carillon always thought they were being silly. The Beast Kingdom of
Eurazania was one of the continental superpowers, boasting a large expanse
of bountiful land. They were a warlike people, and over half the population
could credibly call themselves warriors. Its military was easily the equal of
any other demon lord’s domain—and since Carillon became a demon lord,
the ensuing several centuries had seen its power grow even further. There
was nobody to fear. Carillon was sure of it. And gaining the chance to fully
Page|3
Goldenagato|  express his strength made his bloodlust burn white-hot inside him.
But, as king of a nation, he remained coolheaded enough to give one more
order.
“Milim will be entirely my quarry. Along those lines, if she brings an
army with her, I command you to engage them in combat—but if Milim
comes by herself, I want all of you to evacuate the country at once. You guys
get caught in the cross fire between us, I guarantee it’ll be painful for you.”
“B-but, my lord…?!”
“Allow me to join your side…”
“Lord Carillon, we must—”
“Silence!!” Carillon shouted, cutting off the Three Lycanthropeers’
complaints. “I am the only one of us who can prove a worthy opponent to
Milim Nava! All of you must devote more attention to protecting our people.
You are forbidden from joining the battle!”
On cue, Carillon unleashed the full extent of his aura, using it to cow
every high-level demon into agreement. The sheer force was overwhelming
enough that no one dared to object. Immediately, everyone there kneeled and
expressed their allegiance.
“Trust me. I will win for us all!”
“““Raaaaaahhh!!”””
The plaza was bathed in cheers. The demons and vassals all looked up to
their master, roaring with excitement. It had taken precious little time for the
nation to decide its direction. From this moment on, the Beast Kingdom
plunged into full war mode.
Once it was decided, the beasts began to work quickly. In short order, the
evacuation of noncombatants kicked off. It would proceed quickly enough to
be completed within a short week’s time.
“Say,” Carillon reflected to his three closest generals, “wouldn’t it be a
good idea to confer with that slime at a time like this?”
“Meaning Sir Rimuru, sir?” asked Alvis.
“Ah yes, that was the name. Tell him to stock up on that wonderful drink
of his, because we’ll be holding one hell of a victory celebration.”
“Hee-hee-hee! I look forward to it, my lord. The citizens should be
evacuated to the Forest of Jura, then?”
“At once. I leave that in your capable hands, Alvis.”
With the order, tens of thousands of Eurazanian residents were on their
Page|4
Goldenagato|  way to Tempest, under the watchful leadership of Alvis. All who would
remain in the country were Carillon, Sufia, Phobio, and twenty or so Warrior
Alliance members serving them. The fateful battle with Milim was coming,
but for now, they contented themselves with quietly sharpening their fangs.
The day came. Carillon looked up at the sacred mountain that loomed
behind his castle, confident in his power. Then he stood, ready to engage
Milim.
“Today will be the day when I prove to the world that I am strongest!”
“Fight on for us, Lord Carillon!”
Sufia nodded. “Once we are sure Lady Milim is alone, we will retreat to
safety as well.”
“I don’t dislike you, Milim. We could’ve been good friends, I think. A
pity.”
Carillon only barely whispered the words. Even in the best of conditions,
it would have been difficult for anyone to hear. But they were wholly
extinguished by the sound of Milim’s flight rippling across the battlefield.
Slowly, Carillon engaged his flight magic. Just as Milim arrived, without a
single word between them, the battle began.
First, the preliminaries. His fists, filled with all his might, were enough to
hold Milim back. But they failed to damage her, as if her body were simply
refusing to take the blows. Her skin was protected by a Multilayer Barrier,
repelling all physical stimuli.
With a light exhale, Carillon spread his aura forth, brimming with fighting
spirit. As he did, he deployed a multilayer attack of his own, gouging away
with it. Each blow had a vast store of slashing force as it struck at Milim—
and none of them was enough to place even a single wound upon her. The
spirit-infused blows simply knocked a few layers off her barrier, failing to
reach her actual body.
Even with his ace in the hole—the White Tiger-Blue Dragon halberd he
wielded—Milim’s Temma Sword absorbed every blow. Despite her small,
childlike frame, she had enough power to fully resist the untold extent of
Page|5
Goldenagato|  Carillon’s own might. This Temma Sword was an ominous blade, a long,
curved scimitar that suited her well and glowed a bluish-white. It was
legendary, a sword that had felled many magic-born and demon lords in its
time.
Geh, she’s drawn that sword?!
With a click of the tongue, Carillon fell back, regaining his balance. That
single engagement was enough to make him revise his opinion of Milim.
He’d had no intention of laughing her off before, but this was beyond all
expectation. He hadn’t gotten truly serious about the battle yet, but he still
had no idea how deep Milim’s strength ran. He instinctively realized now that
this was no time to leave anything off the table.
“Look, Milim… Why are you doing this?”
“……”
The question was greeted with silence. Something was strange about this
to him. She barely seemed there mentally, almost acting like someone else
was controlling her.
“Heh. Let me guess: Has someone taken over your mind? If so, that is
quite a pity. I wanted you to put your heart into this so that I could defeat you
and prove I am the strongest!”
“……”
“The silent treatment, eh? Could it really be, then…?” Carillon grinned.
“Well, it doesn’t matter. I’m going to win either way!”
The idea of the demon lord Milim having her brain taken over seemed like
a sick joke to him. But she was acting weird—weird enough that he couldn’t
dismiss the idea as sheer fantasy. If that was the case…then whatever the
cause of this extremely odd turn of events, Carillon knew there would be no
negotiating with her. This was a fight to the death, pure and simple.
So, without hesitation—first as a magic-born, then as a demon lord, level
by level—he unleashed his force.
As befitting his name of Beast Master, Carillon was a lion-type creature.
The king of the beasts, leading all his own beasts. Beast Transform, the
intrinsic skill that all his subjects possessed, was now more powerful than
ever—transformed within him into the unique skill Royal Beast.
Page|6
Goldenagato|  Such was the form that Carillon was in now, the king of all creatures both
beastly and magical in nature. His head was the proud head of a lion, his
body as hardy as an elephant’s. His arms were as strong as a bear’s but
boasted simian dexterity. His legs were supple, as powerful as any in the
feline family—and upon his back, he bore the wings of a great eagle.
All these natural animal advantages melded with one another in the most
beautiful of ways, covered in tough silvery fur. He was protected by Legend-
class equipment—the best there was, obtainable only by evolving one’s own
Unique-class weapons and armor over many years.
On his head was a crown, a mighty bird decorating the edge. Around his
waist, a jewel-encrusted belt bearing a black tortoise of basalt. In his hand,
the White Tiger-Blue Dragon halberd. All of these were infused with the
magical power flowing from Carillon’s own body, letting them fully release
their sheen and force.
The power was overwhelming, incomparable to before the transformation.
This, beyond all doubt, was the demon lord Carillon’s true form.
Milim’s eyes twinkled momentarily at the sight—long enough that it
caught Carillon’s attention but short enough that he wondered if he’d
imagined it.
“Now, Milim,” he intoned, dismissing the thought. “I hate to say it, but
since I have shown you this form, I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to leave, all
right? It is a pity, but farewell!”
There was no room for sentimentality on the battleground. The moment
he shouted it, Carillon focused all the power coursing through his body upon
his blade. On the ground, the sheer weight of energy would be enough to rend
the earth, pulverizing anything nearby. Even now, the remains of the aura
filled the air like burned-out embers, hot enough to scorch the atmosphere
itself.
“Prepare to disappear from this world forever! Beast Roar!!”
This was, in essence, a particle cannon that fired magical force. The tip of
White Tiger-Blue Dragon was now gone, reverted to its composite magical
particles. It was the Beast Master’s ultimate finisher move, one that could
make everything in front of it vanish without a trace on the ground.
Page|7
Goldenagato|  Normally, its force did not begin to dissipate until around three hundred feet
from the launch point. From there, it would gradually disperse before it
reached its final point, one and a quarter miles away.
It was a long-range move meant for handling hordes of foes, and now he
was focusing its entire fury upon a single figure. It was the first time he had
ever done anything of the sort with Beast Roar, but Carillon was absolutely
positive nobody could possibly survive such a blast. He gave it everything—
no letting up, no thinking about what came next; it contained his full power.
He could feel the magicule count drain from his body. Even flight might
pose a challenge after this, but if it earned him the win, it was a fair price to
pay. Normally, he’d restrain it enough so he could fire off two or three blasts
without issue, but not against this foe. This was Milim Nava, the Destroyer.
The attack was true, expanded to maximum range and powerful enough to
cause damage to its own caster. No creature could ever survive this—that was
how sure Carillon was. He breathed a deep sigh as he attempted to descend to
the earth…
…then immediately went into evasive action as his animal instincts
sniffed out a lethal threat right behind him. That snap decision saved
Carillon’s life. Blood gushed out from a wound on his side, caused by the
sword as it swished by. He closed the cut through sheer force of will.
In a panic, he turned around. He knew there was no point confirming it,
but his mind still couldn’t believe it. His eyes were greeted by just the person
he expected, floating there in midair, platinum-pink hair flowing in the wind
as she spread her dragon’s wings wide. Now there was a bloodred horn
jutting out from her forehead, which hadn’t at all been there before. Her
skimpy outfit, somewhere along the line, had transformed into a suit of ebony
armor.
Ahh… Is that how you usually look in battle form…?
Carillon had just about exhausted his magical force. Despair began to
paint over his previously indomitable will to fight. You’re kidding me! She
took that without getting hurt? Give me a break… It put him in an odd state
of mind; he wanted to cry and laugh simultaneously.
Then, for the first time in the battle, Milim spoke.
“Ha-ha-ha! Not bad! I like it. It’s been a while since my left hand’s gone
numb like this. As thanks, I’ll show you something I’ve got saved up.”
The words sounded a bit flat and unemotional to Carillon’s ears. But the
Page|8
Goldenagato|  impending danger they portended gave him no time to ponder over it. He
didn’t  want to see it. He really didn’t. At least none of his citizens was
anywhere nearby. They were fully evacuated. There was no need to worry
about the castle town.
Carillon contemplated fleeing the scene at full speed. His instincts, so
trustworthy up to now, were telling him that staying here meant death.
Page|9
Goldenagato|  Page|10
Goldenagato|  *   *   *
Her draconic pupils burst wide, her wings fully extended, Milim shouted:
“Drago-Nova!!”
The blast of light was thin, beautiful, reminiscent of the twinkling of stars.
It rained down upon both the castle and the townscape that surrounded it, and
remained soundless as it disappeared. The frequency it emitted reached
beyond a human’s auditory range, which, along with the accompanying
shock wave, was enough to fully destroy everything visible to the naked eye.
Anything exposed to the light was helpless as it was ruthlessly disintegrated.
It was the ultimate in magic, the strongest in existence, and it was one
main reason why Milim had always stood at the peak of all the battles she
had fought over her many years.
That’s insane!!
Carillon just barely managed to flee above Milim in time. The fact that
Drago-Nova had launched out in the direction she faced saved his life again
—but the sight under him now made him lose all his words. The town, built
of simple stone structures that integrated well with the local landscape, was
completely erased.
This was Milim Nava, the Destroyer. A demon lord with whom you
absolutely never engaged in conflict. Now Carillon had to admit it: His
parents had been right. This was doomed. She was in too different a
dimension.
But—
“But I wonder if there’s…”
“You wonder if there’s what? I’d like to know.”
Carillon could feel a thin blade touching the back of his neck. He sensed
another woman there, flying in from behind. It was Frey the Sky Queen, the
demon lord who held absolute rule over the heavenly skies. Now Carillon
realized why Milim hadn’t bothered to hide her overwhelming aura. It
provided Frey all the cover she needed to make her approach undetected.
“Ngh, Frey… Not you, too…?!”
Page|11
Goldenagato|  “Not me what, exactly? Would you mind taking the time to explain?”
Frey moved her hand—and Carillon’s consciousness went dark.
It was the worst day in the history of Eurazania, one that would later be
referred to by the assorted lycanthropes who called it home as the Day of
Ruin.
Page|12
Goldenagato|  Page|13
Goldenagato|  Page|14
Goldenagato|  CHAPTER 1
CALMER DAYS
Long before then—long, long before the Day of Ruin unfolded—the magic-
born Mjurran was off to spy on Rimuru and his town once again. Her master,
the demon lord Clayman, had given the command right after she finished a
delivery of a certain magic item. “Investigate these mystery magic-born,” he
said. “Find any weaknesses we can exploit, and find me some intelligence we
can utilize on the bargaining table.”
………
……
…
The report Mjurran gave him several months ago had been quite
extensive. It covered the monster town Clayman was curious about, their
level of cultural advancement, and the fact that Milim had apparently become
friends with the enigmatic magic-born leading them. Said magic-born was a
slime, as well as the masked figure Clayman had seen in previous reports.
More important than that, however, was how the dryads, the overseers of
matters across the Forest of Jura, had recognized this slime as the head of an
alliance between them. They were now a kind of third power in the world,
one neither human nor demon lord—and that made them difficult to touch.
Clayman didn’t hide his astonishment at the news of Milim’s new friend.
The fact that this weak-sounding slime was the real identity behind that
masked magic-born was surprising in itself, but Milim’s behavior was
unfathomable. Unthinkable. Beyond the realms of imagination. The thought
of a demon lord befriending some random magic-born off the street was the
height of recklessness. It did nothing but confuse him.
Page|15
Goldenagato|  Mjurran didn’t mind this. She was a regular person, and she long ago
concluded there was simply no comprehending the thoughts of a demon lord.
There were a couple of things…okay, many things about that demon lord’s
behavior that gave her pause, to be honest. But it wasn’t her job to figure out
what made them tick.
So she just reported everything she saw to Clayman and gave him the
unvarnished truth. He rewarded her with a broad smile. “I see,” he said. “This
could prove useful. A very fascinating story, indeed.”
It came as a relief to hear. Mjurran was glad her master was pleased, but
above that, she had provided him with her ace in the hole—a crystal ball, the
most important magic item there was. The information it contained
documented the entire battle between Charybdis and this mystery magic-
born, as well as a quick sample of Milim’s own strengths. It was a priceless
asset, one that elated Clayman.
Not even this, however, was enough to make Mjurran a free woman. She
needed to put in an even better performance or else Clayman would remain
unsatisfied. She might not have been that useful to him, but she knew full
well that Clayman was not the kind of man to let an upper-level magic-born
go unchecked.
But it was still a major achievement. One that successfully earned her a
decent amount of trust. And being granted a solo mission was perfectly suited
to Mjurran, too. If she wanted to escape Clayman, any chance to prepare
away from his prying eyes was perfect. And with the demon lord’s authority
on her side, she had the ability to do what she wanted without checking in
with him.
Back at the monster town, Mjurran continued her surveillance.
During the demon lord Milim’s stay, she had not once engaged in magical
conversation with Clayman. She hadn’t used any magic at all in the region—
in fact, she’d snuck into the town while holding her breath and restraining her
aura as much as possible. For much the same reason, Clayman had not
contacted her. Mjurran couldn’t have asked for much more.
Milim was aware of his presence now. True, she had to be more careful
than ever. Fully realizing it might already be for naught, she made every
effort to stay alert during her duties. Perhaps thanks to that, nobody else had
Page|16
Goldenagato|  noticed her.
After a while, Milim left the monster town. What could she be doing now,
and where? That went beyond Mjurran’s orders to observe the magic-born
and his people. There was no need to worry about it. Now Mjurran figured
she could rest a bit, as much as her continued alertness made her hesitate. She
kept observing quietly—and to achieve this, she decided to take advantage of
a group of humans who were now regular visitors to the town.
………
……
…
It was now several months since Mjurran had given her report to the
demon lord Clayman. She had been active that whole time, but Clayman had
never contacted her. She’d given a report when Milim left town, but his only
reply was to carry on with her mission.
She could tell his interest in her was dwindling, and she decided some
brash action was called for. She was here to gather intelligence, so she
thought of ways she might be able to enter town. It was that group of humans
who caught her eye first.
Slowly, carefully, Mjurran gathered her information. It told her this was
an armed group that engaged in business within the monster town—a group
that Rimuru, that mystery magic-born, was attempting to prop up as
champions of mankind. Infiltrating this group would be the perfect approach,
she thought. It’d let her enter town freely and with the perfect alibi.
So she put together a plan of action. As a former human, pretending to be
non-magical was child’s play for her. Right now, she was beholden to
Clayman for everything, but if it meant her freedom, she was ready to do
virtually anything. If something could be exploited, exploit the hell out of it
—such was her way of thinking. An approach that probably rubbed off on her
from Clayman, as loath as she was to admit it.
Before long, she was off to the Kingdom of Farmus, the reported destination
of the human party. “My,” she said with a sigh, “human towns have certainly
advanced as of late.”
Mjurran had last been a human being several centuries ago. The only
Page|17
Goldenagato|  towns to speak of at the time were the capitals of kingdoms, where all the
royalty lived. Beyond that, you had a few villages larger than the norm, and
that was it. There simply hadn’t been a lot of humans around—not as many
as now.
She stayed out of sight by habit as she walked around town, in search of a
certain location—the local Free Guild branch, in this territory ruled by Nidol
Migam, Earl of Migam. She found it just as the sun was about to dip under
the horizon. Opening the door, she saw it was crawling with ruffians of all
shapes and sizes. Thickly accented voices attempting to negotiate with the
front-office brokers, voices yelling at one another in hopes of raising the sale
price of their goods, happier voices bragging about the lofty achievements
they scored today… The din almost made her feel dizzy, but she tried to tune
it out, not wanting to use her magic for it.
Then Mjurran heard someone whistling at her. One of the ruffians, no
doubt, sniffing out the fragrance she typically wore to mask the smell of
blood.
“Hey, look! She’s a real beauty, eh?”
“Now this is a find. What’s a lovely lady like you doin’ in a place like
this, huh?”
“See this creature I bagged today? I’m gonna sell it in a bit, so how ’bout
you join me at the bar and we’ll drink on the profits, eh?”
…Ugh, what a pain, Mjurran thought as she wrinkled her nose. It was
beyond her why she was such a target of attention around here. Thanks to
living her life in seclusion, avoiding the company of others and focusing
solely on her magic research, she was wholly indifferent to her outside
appearance. But between the green-tinged silver hair, the blue eyes, and the
calm demeanor, the consensus was clear: This was one beautiful woman. A
beautiful woman who had just stepped into a Guild branch office packed with
people just barely on the right side of the law. In the evening hours, no less.
The furor was only to be expected.
“So? How ’bout it, eh?”
“Sorry,” she bluntly stated, “I’ve got some business to do.”
“Aw, don’t be like that,” the man countered. “Just come here ’n’ join me
for a bit!”
“Lay off me, won’t you? I told you—I’ve got business.”
For a magic-born, Mjurran was more convivial with other people than
Page|18
Goldenagato|  most. But not even she was magnanimous enough to let a total stranger act
like her best friend out of nowhere.
“Lay off? Hell, you just walk right in here ’n’ think you’re better than all
of us?”
“Ahh, quit it, Isaak. You want the guild master to yell at ya again? This
ain’t a tavern. Maybe she’s got a job for the Guild, huh?”
“Pfft. Yeah, yeah.”
The man called Isaak took a step back, his eyes still squarely upon
Mjurran. She nodded her thanks to the man who had stopped him, then made
a beeline for the service window.
“I’d like to register, please.”
“Registration? Will that be for a general-purpose member account, then?”
“No. As an adventurer. Umm…” Mjurran paused for a moment, thinking
about which department to join—retrieval, exploration, or monster slaying.
Then she remembered how she used to make a regular habit of picking and
preparing medicinal herbs. “…The retrieval department, please.”
“Retrieval… All right. There’s a test required, so are you ready to take
it?”
“I am. What do I have to do?”
“Well, please fill this out for us first.”
Mjurran did so, offering all the information needed for the Guild to
provide her identification papers. Then Isaak decided to try his luck again.
“Whoa, whoa, a woman filing to become an adventurer? Like, you aren’t
by yourself, lady, are ya? I could help with the exam if you like.”
He was grinning the whole time, but the question’s real purpose was more
to intimidate the rest of the adventurers in the room than anything. Even if
Mjurran decided to hire some bodyguards, it’d be harder for anyone else to
accept the invite now that Isaak’s hat was in the ring. Doing so would
instantly make Isaak your enemy, after all, and despite his attitude, Isaak had
a pretty serious rep around this Guild.
In terms of pure strength, he was on the lower end of the C rank, but that
still put him near the top of the membership roll in this rural branch. Anyone
with real  talent for this line of work usually set up shop in the larger cities,
only traveling to the hinterlands if work demanded it. This, unfortunately,
gave Isaak something of a mistaken impression of himself. He thought he
was one of the big men around the village, and that meant nobody was
Page|19
Goldenagato|  allowed to defy him.
Oh, please. I don’t feel like getting involved with these yokels. Should I
just kill him, maybe?
Ending his life here would cause serious problems, but killing him
covertly wouldn’t warn the others to stay away from her. Mjurran saw no
merit in voluntarily becoming a murder suspect. But what to do, then?
“Hmm. I think it’d be faster if I showed off some of my skills to you.”
She turned back to the Guild agent, her voice calm and composed. “Hey—I
changed my mind. Instead of retrieval, I’ll join the monster-slaying
department. I can take that  exam on-site, can’t I?”
The agent nodded.
A little while later:
“Hee-hee! This here’s the inn, lady!”
Isaak was scared so straight by the carnage Mjurran released that—
without her asking—he became her underling.
A few days later, Mjurran was already part of the regular Guild crew,
taking on work and living nearby—just as she had planned it. Yohm’s team,
the armed group she was targeting, would be here soon. She was waiting for
them.
Isaak, for his part, was proving to be a surprisingly devoted henchman,
unwittingly helping her gather more intelligence. He was used to showing
people around town, which helped Mjurran catch up on customers much
more quickly than otherwise. He also happened to know a great deal about
Yohm and his team, which was an unexpected bonus.
Good thing I didn’t kill him after all , she mused as Isaak came to her with
some pressing news.
“They’re here, lady!”
Now it was time to proceed with her plan.
The scheme Mjurran devised was fairly simple.
She had asked Franz, master of the local Free Guild branch, to introduce
her to Yohm. Her work performance over the past few days was already
enough to make rumors about her skill spread far and wide. Franz himself
Page|20
Goldenagato|  was a catalyst for this, given that he served as Mjurran’s test manager. At this
point, nobody involved with the Guild was unfamiliar with her name any
longer.
“I wish you’d stay with this branch permanently,” Franz even offered her.
But that wasn’t part of her plans. All she wanted were those ID papers.
“I’m a pretty handy woman when it comes to magic, you know, so if this
man is a true champion of the land, I would love the opportunity to serve
him. I hear Sir Yohm has few magic-users among his team.”
“Ah, that’s a pity to hear. Still, you in Yohm’s party would help us out
enormously, if indirectly. Very well. Rest assured that I will give you a
glowing recommendation.”
Things seemed pretty well set in motion, then. Or so Mjurran thought.
Now she was holding her head in her hands.
Why did it turn out like this?
The introduction had gone well enough, at least.
“Huh? I already got a sorcerer and mysticist in Rommel and Jagi. What
can some girl do for us beyond that? I’m fine, thanks!”
This out-of-hand denial riled Mjurran.
“Hmm. In that case, let me show you what an angry wizard can do.”
And she did. She, in so many words, beat the crap out of Yohm. This got
her on the team, and for some reason, they were treating her as the number-
two of the crew, a military adviser with the power to guide their direction,
second only to Yohm himself. This put her up there with Yohm’s aide-de-
camp, Kazhil, and staff officer, Rommel.
Ugh. I was hoping I could just pose as a shamaness and keep a lower
profile in this group…
Maybe, Mjurran ruefully admitted to herself, she had a much shorter
temper than she thought.
The day taught Yohm a lesson he had almost forgotten: Never judge a book
by its cover.
Page|21
Goldenagato|  They were in a largely deserted wood outside town. The only witnesses
were Franz, who had introduced this woman Mjurran to him, and Isaak, a
local petty adventurer.
Yohm sniffed at her. There was no way he could ever let a woman defeat
him. A few of his men had joined his side, concerned and overprotective, but
they were just silently watching for now.
He saw no reason why he couldn’t handle this fight by himself. After all,
he was wearing the Exo-Armor Rimuru gave him, the best protection anyone
could ask for. It brimmed with enough magic resistance to neutralize pretty
much any threat he might come across.
Ha! I have nothing to worry about with conjurers like her. Just dash
forward, close the distance, and cut her down!
It was a tactic that served Yohm well. No magic-user had ever given him
much of a headache up to now.
“I would like three of you to take me on at once,” the woman called
Mjurran declared. “In fact, you can all descend upon me simultaneously.”
This offer immediately made Yohm lose his self-control.
“Don’t give me that nonsense, lady! Rommel, Jagi, don’t bother going
easy on her. We got potions to spare anyway. Give ’er all you’ve got!”
They both prepared to follow his order—Rommel less than enthusiastic
about it all, Jagi cool as a cucumber.
It was three-on-one when Franz gave the signal to begin. No sane witness
could have imagined any possible scenario where they’d lose. The moment
the signal came, Yohm was immediately bathed in strengthening magic from
Rommel and support magic from Jagi, both enough to make him physically
feel his muscles expand to their limits. Supremely confident, he rushed
toward his target—and right into a pitfall trap.
“Ah?!”
Right in front of Mjurran, just as he planted a foot down to land a lethal
blow upon her, that foot fell through the ground.
“Aspectual magic: Earth Lock,” came the quiet voice as Yohm
floundered. Normally, this magic was used to help the caster gain surer
footing—but when used on a target trapped in a pit, it made the walls literally
close in. Just as the battle started, Yohm was out of the contest.
“How on…?!”
“I’ve never seen such simple magic used in such a devious way!”
Page|22
Goldenagato|  marveled Rommel. One couldn’t blame him. Mjurran had used two magic
spells, one to soften and muddy the ground enough to build a pitfall and a
much simpler one to solidify it again. No matter how resistant to magic
Yohm’s equipment was, it couldn’t do much about the ground caving in on
him. It was a breathtakingly straightforward tactic, one crafted with a clear
understanding of how Yohm would strike.
The two witnesses were stupefied but not enough to miss their enemy’s
next few words.
“Ailment: Silence.”
“—?!”
“—!!”
That was the finisher.
“What a pitiful show.” Mjurran groaned. “Neither of you prepared any
defense against ailment magic? How are you going to handle magical
opponents that  way…?”
She hadn’t even needed three minutes to claim victory. It all but forced
Yohm to accept that she was a force to be reckoned with.
They were all at the local tavern that night, holding a small celebration to
commemorate Mjurran’s induction into the group.
“Yahhh-ha-ha-ha-ha! You’re a strong woman, you are,” Kazhil managed
to work in between his laughter. “Sure wasn’t expecting the boss to get
trounced like that!”
“Ahhh, shut it, Kazhil. I just didn’t think it’d be so easy. Is that normally
how magicians go at it, Jagi?”
“Oh, no, boss, that’s just crazy! You’ll never find a wizard who wouldn’t
flinch at the sight of a skillful warrior’s sword thundering their way. You
need to define a point to dig a hole at, too, so you gotta have enough courage
to stand right by it to serve as the bait. I don’t think either I or anyone else
would try something like that.”
“He’s right, Yohm. She must’ve planned out that whole bait job in
advance. I guess Mjurran was right—sooner or later, we would’ve met our
doom in a clash of magic.”
The conclusion made Yohm realize all over again how lacking their team
was.
Page|23
Goldenagato|  “Pfft. True enough. I can brag all day about how invincible I am, but it
don’t mean a thing without results. We took you on three against one, and we
still lost; I’ll admit that to ya. So, you know, I’m sorry to bother you about
this, but I hope you can teach us how to fend for ourselves against magic-
wielding foes.”
“Indeed,” Rommel added, “they never taught us how to fight like that  at
the magic academy. We did learn about taking advantage of the terrain in my
legion-magic classes, but…”
“…Well, I could help you a tad, perhaps…?”
“Oh, wonderful! I’ve just got to broaden my knowledge a little. Better
learn how to use my skills more effectively!”
“I’m in on this, too, yeah,” said Jagi.
“Certainly, certainly. But just a little, all right?”
“Yeah,” Yohm interjected. “Thanks a lot for puttin’ up with us.”
It felt a little shameless to him, asking Mjurran for help. But it nonetheless
meant that she was part of the team now—a trusted adviser, no less.
Mjurran was starting to suspect she was a bit of an easy mark. She had
infiltrated Yohm’s team in order to more fully investigate the nation of
monsters in the forest, which was fine, but now she was some kind of senior
official among them.
These people are so stupid. They don’t suspect for a moment I’m magic-
born.
She looked down on them for that, but there was still a faint smile on her
lips. Interacting with these kinds of people for the first time in quite a while
was oddly exhilarating. She wanted this to continue, whether she consciously
thought it or not; she wanted to enjoy this state of affairs for just a little while
longer.
Then, an innocent look on her face, she went back to her usual work.
Once she’d joined Yohm’s team, Mjurran’s days suddenly became
packed.
She was responsible for giving tactical advice to the party, providing in-
Page|24
Goldenagato|  the-field guidance on working together to fend off monsters and magical
attacks. She had inadvertently admitted to them that she was a wizard, but
there was no point regretting that after the fact. She couldn’t take back the
words, so she resigned herself to their consequences, offering her teachings to
Rommel, Jagi, and everyone else in the party at least somewhat familiar with
magic.
Tactical advice was enough of a workload; magic only added to it. Simple
curses were easy enough to teach others about. She was a witch, so talking
about the kinds of magic available to humankind was child’s play for her.
Higher-level magic, on the other hand, was a far different story. Some of it
could be conjured only by magic-born. Blithely imparting everything she
knew could cause serious problems for her later.
So what were humans capable of? Where did the boundary lie between
what they could and couldn’t handle, magic-wise? She needed to know that
before anything.
This is such a pain. Why did it turn out like this…?
She could whine about it all she wanted, but she knew full well that she
had done this to herself.
As military adviser, she had one other important role: casting the deciding
vote on the party’s actions. This was its own barrel of monkeys, one that
required far more work than she’d anticipated.
Whenever regular reports came in via the communication crystals
installed in each village, the team’s main officers would congregate and work
out their future direction. Mjurran was among them, but something about
these meetings—likely the lack of intelligence among the men, she guessed
—made them drag on forever without any resolution. It sorely tried her
patience. They passed out these incredibly valuable magic items to all these
settlements, and now they were wasting time quibbling over the silliest things
thanks to them? She spoke up about all this waste, and once again, she sealed
her own fate with it.
Now she was giving orders to each individual platoon, making
arrangements for them and reporting directly to Yohm about them. It was all
her. She didn’t understand why they were giving so much responsibility to
someone brand-new to the squad, but given the lack of other qualified
Page|25
Goldenagato|  candidates, it was like they had just been waiting to spring all this on
someone like her.
The only real decent-minded person among them was Rommel.
“Man, Mjurran, I don’t know what we could’ve done without you!”
Receiving such heartfelt thanks made it tough for Mjurran to disappoint
him. Imagine, she thought, trusting a magic-born like me… I can’t believe
what a pushover I am! But she never said it.
He had apparently been hired right from the magic academy by the local
earl, who had tapped him to serve as his personal conjurer. He had essentially
no battle experience, making it hard for him to be decisive on many matters.
Until Mjurran came along, every day was a long trial-and-error process for
him.
Rommel did seem to have a good head on his shoulders, though. She
could practically feel him maturing as she taught him. For now, her main
mission was to get Rommel up to snuff as quickly as possible so he could
take her place for a change.
Once they decided on a plan of action, the team had to carry it out. They
went around the villages in their territory, in order of priority, and dispatched
the monsters that appeared. It was her job to juggle the adventurers stationed
in each area and keep the whole operation purring.
Why do I even have to do this? This is ridiculous…
She thought she had a legitimate complaint, but as long as she had that
mission to infiltrate the monsters’ country, she couldn’t quit in a huff yet. The
whole plan was starting to seem like a failure, but she couldn’t bail on it now.
Through it all, days passed on as Mjurran firmed up her position on
Yohm’s team. Defeating monsters, saving villages…
…This is wrong. It’s got to stop somewhere.
But even as she whined to herself about it, she also felt oddly fulfilled.
Dealing with people for the first time in ages, recalling emotions she thought
she’d forgotten about. And then, finally, mercifully, the group found the
opportunity to head back to Tempest.
Page|26
Goldenagato|  The magic-born Gruecith was joining them as a guest in their battle training.
“Argh… Boy, that old coot sure isn’t letting up today, either!”
“G-Gobta… Is that demon, er, is Sir Hakuro like this every time…?”
It astonished Gruecith, covered in welts and bruises from head to toe.
Gobta, his hobgoblin companion, didn’t look much better.
“Oh, you bet he is. No joking!”
Gobta wouldn’t dare say that in front of the teacher himself. Gruecith
firmly agreed, but he bit his tongue so as not to sound ungrateful. It saved the
day for him.
“Ohhh? By ‘old coot,’ you wouldn’t happen to be referring to me, would
you?”
“Gahhh!! M-Master, why are you—?”
“Silence, you insolent oaf! It’ll plainly be at least  a hundred years before I
let you call yourself a disciple of mine!”
They’d both thought he was gone, but there he was, completely
concealing his presence until the last minute. His wooden practice sword
swung down, faster than Gruecith could follow with his eyes, and smacked
right against the crown of Gobta’s head. He was out cold in an instant,
eyeballs lolling around the backs of their sockets. Gruecith watched piteously
as Hakuro then dragged him off, no doubt for yet more “instruction.” All he
could do was pray for his friend’s safety.
He was here in Tempest on orders from Phobio, one of the Three
Lycanthropeers, to live in this nation and observe its people. Rimuru, its
leader, was away from the land for the moment, but he had already given his
full permission for Gruecith to be there. It was hard for him to believe the
leader of Tempest was traveling the world solo, but none of his subjects had
any objection to it, so he did not press for an explanation.
Right now, his priorities were pointed more toward using this opportunity
to gain as much knowledge and experience as he possibly could. Along those
lines, he was joining in every training session Hakuro offered him. This was
per the invitation of Yohm, the first human friend he’d ever had; Gruecith
hadn’t expected it to be so grueling at the time, but this session was different.
The training Hakuro gave when only native Tempestians were in attendance
was like nothing he had seen from him before.
Page|27
Goldenagato|  This is incredible, he marveled. He was going easy up to now just so
Yohm and the humans wouldn’t be ripped apart!
Yohm’s training involved a rundown of the basics with a bit of skill
training mixed in, but the session they just wrapped up was almost all core
foundational stuff. “Don’t expect me to teach any Arts to a bunch of weak-
hearted sissies like you!” Hakuro bellowed as he bashed his pupils to bits
with his practice sword in battle (Gruecith included). “You’ll have to seize
them from me by force! Watch with your eyes, and stake your very lives
upon learning them yourselves!”
Gruecith was at least somewhat confident in his skills when he’d joined
in. Now, he wasn’t. The results were clear as day. Hakuro closed the distance
between them in an eyeblink, slashing away faster than he could follow.
Hence all the bruises on his body.
I might’ve died if that sword wasn’t wooden… And how could a wooden
sword be so damaging to me, even?!
He was a lycanthrope and therefore gifted with natural healing abilities,
but dull pain radiated from everywhere he took a blow. It was some
unknown-to-him Art, perhaps, that drilled into him and made the damage cut
deeper.
They had put it in different ways, but Gruecith and Gobta agreed: Hakuro
was a demon beyond all comprehension. Maybe he could have survived
against him for a few moments longer than the other hobgoblins. Now,
though, all confidence he had in his own strength was shot.
Gruecith had taken an interest in the creatures who served under Gobta,
the hobgoblins who rode the starwolves—themselves a rare evolution to see.
They were called goblin riders, and they were responsible for security around
town. Hakuro trained them, focusing primarily on team-oriented strategy, and
they functioned as a single cohesive unit—well honed, well practiced, and
moving flawlessly. If I had to tangle with them, he thought, five would likely
be the most I could handle.
He hoped to invite them to the Beast Kingdom someday, as impossible as
he imagined that was. Judging by the residents around town, he knew there
was almost no chance they would leave their posts.
The land of Tempest was filled with warriors whose hardiness went far
Page|28
Goldenagato|  beyond Gruecith’s imagination. He might have been complaining about it the
whole time, but Gobta, his partner in training, was keeping up with every step
Hakuro the ogre mage took. That in itself made him formidable. And he was
hardly alone. Rigur, head of the security patrol, was even stronger than
Gobta. The dragonewts Gruecith occasionally caught sight of seemed just as
daunting to him. He had spotted several powered-up high orcs among the
ones who served as Tempest’s combat engineers. One among them, named
Geld, even looked and acted every bit like a reincarnation of an orc lord.
Taking that  guy on, Gruecith gave himself a fifty-fifty chance. It was his
battle to lose.
Last but not least came the ogre mages. Approach one, and their strength
was obvious. In his own mind, Gruecith figured he could defeat Kurobe the
blacksmith and Shuna, that fetching young lass. Beyond that, he had no
confidence at all. The other four ogre mages, his instincts told him, he
couldn’t even scratch.
Gruecith might have been on the low end of the Beast Master’s Warrior
Alliance totem pole, but even he could tell there was something unnatural
about this. His instincts on that score—judging by the thrashing Hakuro just
gave him—were right.
What in the hell? This entire town is sheer madness! I mean, they could
even take on my homeland in battle, couldn’t they?!
He had to breathe a sigh of relief. His master, the demon lord Carillon,
was absolutely right not to challenge Tempest to war.
Yohm’s team returned to town a few days later.
“Hey. Doing well?”
Gruecith smiled back at Yohm. “I am. Glad to see you are, too.” But what
struck his interest the most was the beautiful woman among them. “So, who
is that?”
“Oh? I didn’t think magic-born like you cared about women.”
“Don’t be stupid! All magic-born aren’t the same, you know.
Lycanthropes like us are closer to demi-humans than full-on magic-born. It’s
not uncommon for some of us to mate with humans and produce offspring,
too.”
Page|29
Goldenagato|  “Really, now? Well, here’s a word of advice for you: Don’t you dare cross
that woman. I did, and lemme tell ya, I paid dearly for it.”
“What? Of all the ridiculous things to say…!”
This threw Gruecith. Yohm the champion, defeated by a woman who
couldn’t look more out of place on a battlefield? It was a difficult story to
swallow.
“Would you like to try your luck, then?”
“Ha! I like that! No point trying too hard for this one. Let me at her!”
Gruecith’s behavior was fairly easy to predict. A challenge like that , he’d
never turn down.
So they traveled to the usual training ground, and Yohm brought with him
the woman—his new military adviser, apparently.
“Why do I have to go through with this charade?” she asked, looking
seriously reluctant.
“Oh, it’s nothing big, Mjurran. I just want you to show this guy how
strong you are.”
“Yes, and I told you, I don’t see why I have to.”
“There’s a good reason for it! He’s already put you down. I hate it when
people put my team down!”
Gruecith gave Yohm an exasperated look as he sized up the woman.
Hmm. Mjurran’s her name? She sure is a sight to see. But why’s that bastard
Yohm trying to trick me? There was a kind, gentle air about her. Strong
wouldn’t describe it at all. He couldn’t believe the thought of her defeating
Yohm.
After a few more pleas to his cohort, Yohm at last turned toward Gruecith
and smiled.
“Heh-heh! I finally convinced her. Gruecith, if you can beat this lady, I
promise I’ll serve as your lackey forever. But if she beats you…you’ll have
to be my gofer!”
“What?! What kind of nonsense are you spouting now ?”
“Oh, don’t like your chances?”
“…You think so? Well, you’re on. You’re gonna be the one calling me
‘boss’ in a few moments!”
He accepted the bait all too quickly.
Page|30
Goldenagato|  “Listen,” interrupted Mjurran, “you’re probably looking down on me
because I’m a woman, aren’t you? It feels ridiculous being the subject of a
bet like this, but I’ll be happy to spar with you. But let me warn you: I’m a
wizard, so I hope you’ll fight me appropriately!”
“A wizard, eh? You sure you should be giving me so many details before
combat even begins? Of course, with that getup, it’s pretty easy to picture
you as a conjurer.”
The term wizard referred to those adept in at least three different systems
of magic. It implied talent in these dark arts far greater than your run-of-the-
mill sorcerer or mysticist. The magic they wielded was as diverse as it was
powerful—several times more so, it was said, than the attack magic of a
typical conjurer. What Mjurran had just said, in effect, was that she was a
well-seasoned, battle-tested magic expert.
Gruecith got the hint—and it made him respect her more. But he still
didn’t take any special precautions. A higher-level magic-born like him had
intrinsic magic resistance, and as long as limbs weren’t flying off him, his
Self-Regeneration skill could heal most wounds. Anything short of lethal
magic could be safely ignored.
Plus, he thought, if she can cast magic powerful enough to kill me in one
stroke, she’ll need a vast amount of time to chant the spell. Conjurers like her
leave themselves wide open—I can just finish her off then.
It was the exact same thought process Yohm had gone through back in the
day. The results were similarly predictable.
………
……
…
“Baaahhh-ha-ha-ha-ha! Woudja look at that!”
Gruecith found himself bitterly looking upward as Yohm held his stomach
and laughed for a good long while.
Damn it…!! How’s this even happening?!
His cheeks were red with embarrassment, not half because he was buried
up to chest level in the ground. It took a lot to keep from crying.
“I know I probably should have begun with this,” he told Mjurran a bit
later, “but my name is Gruecith. Perhaps it did not show very much earlier,
Page|31
Goldenagato|  but I am a lycanthrope and upper-level magic-born. And by that, I don’t
intend to suggest I could have won if I transformed, let me assure you.”
They exchanged a few pleasantries with each other—pleasantries filled
with sarcasm and excuses, although it would’ve sounded innocent enough to
the impartial observer.
“Well, you two keep gettin’ along, all right? So, Gruecith, about the
promise earlier?”
“Mm? Ah. Right. Yohm, from now on, I promise I will call you ‘boss.’
The demon lord Carillon is the only master I will ever truly devote myself to,
but I see no reason not to show respect to someone I view as above me.”
“You sure about that? ’Cause I really meant it more as a joke to motivate
you than anything…”
“It’s fine; it’s fine. But if I may be honest, if Lord Carillon ordered me to
kill you, I would not hesitate for a single moment. My apologies, but that is
how the rules operate between us.”
“Fair enough. I’ll try to keep that in mind.”
At least Gruecith was honest as he lived up to his end of Yohm’s bet. He
had to appreciate the lycanthrope’s devotion to his promises.
“In that case, I’m going to join your band as well. I’m pretty used to
things around town by now, and I’d like to see some other human nations
while I’m at it.”
“You sure ’bout that?”
Page|32
Goldenagato|  Page|33
Goldenagato|  “I am.” Gruecith laughed as he pulled himself out of the hole in the
ground, grinning. “My job here is to explore the world. I’m allowed to do
whatever I wish until ordered otherwise.”
But now someone was stealthily approaching them.
It was none other than Gobta.
Hee-hee-hee… I saw them. If she can do that…
He was plotting and planning as he interrupted the pleasant atmosphere
surrounding the group. “I saw that battle just now! What a marvel! I am
astounded. I simply fell in love with that lady’s moves, I did! And that’s why
I hope I can ask a favor of her.”
He smiled eerily. Yohm and Gruecith both knew him well enough to
grasp what this meant. He was scheming something again. Mjurran, on the
other hand, raised a quizzical eyebrow at him.
“Ah, Mjurran, this is Gobta. He’s…um, well, you could say he’s a force
all his own around here.”
“Hee-hee-hee! No, I’m really not.”
“No, seriously, Gobta here’s a real performer,” volunteered Gruecith. “He
let that demon instructor beat the daylights out of him just now, but he always
comes back for more.”
“Ooh yeah, that was rough earlier…”
Gobta modestly turned away a bit before remembering what he was here
for. His face stiffened.
“So, um, there’s someone I’d like you to defeat, lady, using that same
tactic. That demon—um, I mean, that old coot, um, I mean our sage
instructor always goes around acting like he’s king of the world, y’see? So
—”
Yohm and Gruecith nodded their recognition. Gobta lowered his voice,
looking around in case anyone was eavesdropping.
“I’ll help you with this, Mjurran. If we can beat him, that’ll force him to
treat us with some respect, at least. Besides, I’d love to see how the guy’d
react to that.”
“Indeed,” Gruecith agreed, “it is an excellent strategy. Even an ogre mage
Page|34
Goldenagato|  would be helpless!”
So Mjurran, outnumbered three to one, reluctantly agreed to the request.
“But can we make this the last time, please?” she begged. “Something that
simple isn’t guaranteed to work every time.”
“Oh, it’ll be fine! The old man’s a swordsman, fighting at close ranges.
He prides himself on his speed. He’s got  to fall for it!”
“Yeah! He acts like he’s sooo superior to us hobgoblins, so I wanna make
him pay for it for a change!”
“It was enough to trick even me, after all. A close-range battle, reliant on
quick footwork like that, would be much harder if the trap was sprung in the
right place.”
That trick worked, Mjurran said to herself, because you’re too
simpleminded to spot it. It can’t put up with that much heavy use.
“But,” she pleaded, “what pretext should I challenge him with?”
“Hmm… Any excuse should do,” ventured Gobta. “Just tell him you want
more instruction on dealing with magic-castin’ foes.”
“So this should be a scrimmage, then, not a real battle?”
“That’s fine, isn’t it? It’ll just be one strike. Tell him whoever hits first
wins, and I’m sure he’ll be fine with it.”
“Indeed, Yohm. Magic resistance plays no part in those rules—land a
spell upon him, and you win. If he touches you first, he wins. A test of speed,
you could say.”
“…Um, do you really think I’ll be willing to accept those rules? That puts
conjurers at an enormous disadvantage. How can someone like that compete
in speed with a swordsman who’s clearly faster than they are?”
“…Ooh yeah,” Gobta admitted.
“Accepting restrictions on your own abilities when you don’t know what
your opponent’s capable of is like signing your own death certificate.”
Mjurran sighed.
To her, serious-minded at heart, Gobta’s poorly thought-out ideas were
enough to give her a headache. Suggesting rules like that was all but advising
her foe to expect a trap of some sort. All the men here were too boneheaded
to pick up on that.
“All right,” said Yohm. “So Mjurran doesn’t fight. We just want ’im to
accept that you’re good with magic, y’know? So since Gobta suggested this
first, maybe we can use him as bait.”
Page|35
Goldenagato|  “A fine idea. He would certainly accept a challenge from the hobgoblin.”
Gobta began to dislike the direction this was going. “H-hold on a second!”
he barked. Yohm and Gruecith were too busy working out the plan to listen.
It’d be hard to bow out at this point. Having Mjurran fight for him seemed
like it’d bear positive results, but if it was his neck on the line, that gave him
pause.
Oh no… If I mess this up, I’ll be in big trouble, won’t I? I guess I’ll have
to help think up a more serious plan…
“All right, guys. I have an idea. First, I challenge him to battle. When I do,
I want you to put pitfalls in a big circle around us!”
“From that distance, a safer bet would be to liquefy the soil and keep him
from moving.”
“How will that work?”
Mjurran liquefied a small patch next to her to demonstrate the process to
Gobta. He took a step, then marveled as his foot went right in with a ploop,
resisting his efforts to pull it out.
“Ooh, this oughtta work!”
That was the end of their deliberations.
“Right,” Mjurran said. “So my role here is to wait for the battle-start
signal and transform the earth. Is that it?”
“Right you are!” Gobta beamed.
Now they just had to pull it off.
………
……
…
“So will I receive an explanation for this?”
Gobta, Yohm, and Gruecith had been made to kneel on the bare ground.
Mjurran stepped up to join them, but Hakuro shooed her off with a wave and
a grandfatherly smile. “You are fine,” he said. “I’m sure these fools before
me instigated it, did they not?”
“But I couldn’t just—”
“Oh, think nothing of it. They got caught in your trap, so they reasoned
that it’d have to work on me as well, no? It was an impressive spell, but their
eyes telegraphed it from the start.”
Mjurran sighed. She’d seen it coming the whole time, too.
Page|36
Goldenagato|  After settling on their plan, the group had called their teacher, the elder
Hakuro. That much, at least, went well enough. One look at the man was
enough to make Mjurran recall that he split a megalodon in half with a single
swipe. Between his foreboding demeanor and the sheer sense of presence, she
already predicted doom for this silly prank. Had this been a no-holds-barred
battle, she would have immediately suggested a hasty retreat—but this was
just a game, and she reasoned that being defeated would help her cohorts
mature a bit.
It’s not going to work, I’m sure, but it might be a good idea to see for
myself how this Hakuro character fights.
So she agreed to join in.
“Excellent!” Hakuro bellowed when asked. “That’s the spirit, lads! I will
base it on real battle situations for the first time in a while. All three of you,
take me on at once! And will the new woman be joining us? She seems to be
a magic-user, yes?”
“Whoa, you old—I mean, sage master! Don’t count us out too early!”
“Listen to the hobgoblin, sir. Ya sure you aren’t being a little too
confident for your own good?”
“Heh-heh-heh! As your guest, I thought it rude to horn in too much on the
fun…but after what you just said, I suppose I’ll have to go all in, won’t I?”
The sight of the entire trio latching on to Hakuro’s goading made Mjurran
modify a key part of her prediction. This was doomed even before the battle
began. I have much to teach them after this…
Despite her complaining, she was used to being Yohm’s military adviser
—really, anything adviser at this point. She was as strong and responsibly
minded as ever, and she opted to just smile and treat this as a learning
opportunity for her group.
Once things began unfolding, the match turned out just as wretched as she
predicted. Liquefying the ground around him did nothing to slow Hakuro
down.
“Geh! Why’s he moving like normal?!”
Mjurran had laid out her magic in a circle around the area, dispelling it
just enough to create a path for the panicking Gobta to escape through. As
she did, she defined a position for her pitfall and set it in place. Hakuro acted
like it wasn’t there, as if running on thin air.
Ahh, he must have noticed. But nothing would change if he didn’t. That
Page|37
Goldenagato|  looks a lot like Instantmove to me.
That was one of the more difficult skills in the arsenal of Battlewill, a set
of Arts that only the most talented could ever hope to master. Seeing it
unleashed so effortlessly made Mjurran fully aware of just how pointless her
tricks were.
“Tch! Over here, old man!”
But Yohm pressed on, revealing his position with a shout as he slashed at
his foe. He was being read like a book. Gobta, to his credit, tried to tumble
his way back to safety. He was rewarded with a wooden sword to the
forehead.
“Not again…” He groaned as he sunk into the ground. Yohm joined him
shortly—not to rescue him, exactly, but the real reason didn’t matter much
anymore. Hakuro was just too fast. Before Yohm could even stick the follow-
through, Gobta was down and Hakuro was behind him.
“Whoa?! I didn’t even see—”
“Fools.”
One strike later, Yohm was down.
If the liquefaction trick didn’t work, the original idea called for Yohm and
Gobta to distract their foe while Gruecith snuck in a surprise attack. That
proved a similar waste of time. Before Gruecith even realized what Yohm
wanted him to do, Hakuro had defeated both his teammates.
And, in the midst of all this, Mjurran looked on at this beautiful
demonstration of athletic ability. It required Magic Sense; the naked eye
couldn’t keep up fast enough to let her understand what was going on. And
she wasn’t just  looking. She had the spell cast in advance to keep her magic-
born roots a secret.
Still… If you’re going to challenge a foe who requires Magic Sense just to
keep your eyes on him, the only thing that’d work is ranged magic covering a
wider area. That wasn’t available here, so this was over before it began.
Really, any magic that required casting time wouldn’t do a thing against a
target coursing at supersonic speed. For a wizard, tackling a foe like that
would require racking several spells in advance, chanting them beforehand so
they could be summoned with a deftly woven trigger during battle. That, or
using Cast Cancel.
But even if I used Cast Cancel on my own, it’d only work up to midlevel
magic. Any serious attempt might be doomed to fail…
Page|38
Goldenagato|  Mjurran’s body contained more of the magicules that provided energy for
all her spells, but trying to outclass him in strength seemed like a struggle to
her. The sight of it all unfolding did make this nonsense seem worth it to her,
though. Hakuro was targeting Gruecith, not the cautious Mjurran. Before
neutralizing the magic-caster, he first wanted to defeat the biggest obstacle
out of the group. In other words, Hakuro didn’t consider her magic to be an
impediment.
A bit insulting, but so be it. Sir Hakuro could likely handle anything I
could throw at him, here in my human form. I wish I could have hit him with
something, though…
Following her pregame analysis, Mjurran had prepared three small
explosive spells, meant to be triggered in a staggered arrangement. The first
went off before Hakuro’s eyes as he struck down Gruecith—not a lethal
bomb but a blindness strike that plunged the two of them into darkness.
“Ngh?!”
It was enough to produce a surprised grunt from Hakuro. But he pressed
right on, unwavering. Gruecith had a keen enough sense of smell that
blindness wouldn’t affect him in battle—that was the whole backbone behind
this plan—but Hakuro didn’t rely on that sense much, either.
So much for that. Can he read people’s presences, or…?
Of course, Mjurran had guessed in advance that blindness wouldn’t slow
him. Without flinching, she launched her second magic. This was a
Flashbang, a spell that created a flash of light and a deafening noise to
paralyze the target’s sight and hearing. It was one of her antihuman spells,
effective in or out of doors, and she expected the blindness bomb would only
accentuate the effect.
And again, she was right. Just before the magic took effect, she saw
Hakuro edge backward for a brief moment in his darkness. He was within
point-blank range of the light and noise, but he paid it no attention at all as he
sprang back into action.
I knew it…! I suppose Hakuro knows Magic Sense as well…
The reaction to that Flashbang was something shown only by those who
could read the flow of magic—the movements of magicules. The blast itself,
too, had no impact on him whatsoever. Just like Mjurran, he based his
decisions in battle off Magic Sense. That meant he could read all magic
before it happened, and that  meant Mjurran would’ve had to bust out the big
Page|39
Goldenagato|  guns immediately if she wanted to impact this fight at all.
Ignoring her and tackling Gruecith first was an extremely sensible
decision. She had focused on keeping him safe from status ailments rather
than trying to cast magic directly herself, but Magic Sense made all that
moot. The operation was upended at its very roots.
If anything, it hurt Mjurran’s ego, seeing her magic be so dismissively
tossed aside like that. That was no fun, she thought. I was never too
enthusiastic about this, but if he thinks he can pick on a wizard, let me show
him what that costs!
So she turned her eyes toward Gruecith—and then she lost all interest.
“Arrrhhh! My—my eyes; my ears!!”
“What are you doing, you fool?!”
She could be excused for yelling at her comrade. That Flashbang had been
pointed in a single direction. It shouldn’t have affected Gruecith that badly.
The idiot must have stared right at it. She told them all beforehand what
magic she intended to use. She could conclude only that Gruecith was the
kind of lycanthrope who, if you told him not to do something, would
immediately try that out first.
Mjurran threw her arms up in surrender. This is just ridiculous. I thought
the way lycanthropes are so stupidly straightforward with people would make
them easy to use. But it’s the exact opposite, isn’t it?
“If that did nothing to you, then we have lost. I doubt Gruecith will make
any further contributions to our cause.”
“Ho-ho-ho! You are quick to read the tides of battle, my good lady—at
least, much more than this rotten trio. So you will not use your final spell?”
“No. I doubt it would make any difference.”
The final spell was Sleep Mist, her trump card. Putting Hakuro fully to
sleep was likely impossible, but if she could slow his thought process just  a
bit as he locked swords with Gruecith, that would provide just the chip in the
armor into which to potentially drive the sword of victory. Even if it didn’t,
Mjurran figured the surprise factor would throw off his game.
But the sight of Gruecith vaguely sort of floating atop the liquefied soil
drained her will to continue. So she sighed and unraveled the spell.
“…Their eyes telegraphed it from the start.”
Page|40
Goldenagato|  Mjurran rolled her eyes when he said it just now. All the prep work she’d
done to ensure the magic could never be spotted, and Gobta and Gruecith had
their eyes on the ground the whole time. There you go, then, she thought with
a sigh. It’s all but opening your mouth and telling him, “Ohhh, hey,
something’s here.” Yohm was stout enough to resist the urge, at least, but
he’s only human. Nothing from him would work on Hakuro.
“Ho-ho-ho! You may be a fine strategist, my lady, but without a keen
insight into your allies’ personalities, one can never hope for truly effective
teamwork. No hastily put-together team could ever defeat me.”
Mjurran nodded at the condolences. “It’s been a lesson for me, yes. I’d
like to begin by examining them further in depth.”
“Mm. Yes. A good idea.” Hakuro nodded, then turned to his three
kneeling opponents. “So may I suggest you answer me now? Before I decide
to switch blades from wood to metal?”
The avuncular smile he’d given Mjurran was a thing of the past. Now he
was back in full demonic form.
“Pah!”
“Whoa?!”
“Waaaaaait!”
Three hours later, they were still there, legs numb from all the kneeling.
Hakuro was making them stay until he was damn sure they wouldn’t pull any
more malarkey like that. Mjurran gave them a passing glance as she returned
to her bedroom, promising herself that she’d never join them on a “plan” like
this again.
“Now, I say this just in case, mind you, but promise me you won’t try to
‘test’ Sir Rimuru like that, please?”
“What’re you talking about?” Gobta pleaded to the rather concerned-
looking Hakuro. “No way any of that would work on Sir Rimuru!”
“…Oh? Because, to be honest with you, I think it might have more than
an outside chance of working…”
“Ha-ha-ha! Come on, Gramps. Don’t you think you’re worrying too
much? Someone like Rimuru, he’s not about to fall for a trick play!”
Page|41
Goldenagato|  “Hopefully not,” Hakuro said. “If he did, we would all be in trouble.”
His three pupils shuddered at the thought.
“Y-yeah… We weren’t planning to, but definitely not now , no.”
“Gobta said it. He and that other girl, too. The violent one.”
“You mean Shion?” Gobta asked. “Or, wait, not Mili—”
“Whoa, stop right there, Gobta.”
The hobgoblin nodded at the panicked-looking Yohm. Gruecith failed to
follow this conversation but understood well enough that he should stay out
of it. A smart move, although he may not have realized it.
“All right,” Hakuro gravely intoned. “Soei is too prudent to fall for that,
but Sir Rimuru and Sir Benimaru… They have their quirks, shall we say? Sir
Rimuru seems to be restraining his Magic Sense, too, to some extent.”
“Why’s he doing that, sir?” asked Gobta.
“Who knows,” Yohm replied, looking at him. “I couldn’t even guess how
that Magic Sense stuff works.”
“Well,” interjected Gruecith, “I certainly see why Lord Carillon accepted
Rimuru as an equal. Placing limiters upon his own strengths like that… A
constant, never-ending cycle of training!”
“Huh?!”
“Wow, is that it? Boy, Sir Rimuru sure is great!”
“Huh. Man, his mind works on a whole different plane from ours, eh?”
This, along with Hakuro’s later approval, led to a new fad around
Tempest where monsters deliberately limited the release of their skills to
better hone them. It had nothing to do with Rimuru, but if he were around,
they hoped he would approve.
All that slogging through liquefied soil and getting rapped soundly by
swords had made the three of them very muddy. It wasn’t long before they
discussed entering the town’s famous bathing facilities together.
“Boy,” Gobta observed, “that lady sure knows how to use her magic.
She’s pretty, too!”
“Yeah, ain’t she? And she’s got personality, too. It ain’t just looks.”
“I have no argument with that. Her name is Mjurran, right? It’d be nice if
she could give birth to my child…”
“Whoa there, Gruecith. Ya can’t go talking like that. She’s one of my
Page|42
Goldenagato|  officers.”
“What does that have to do with anything, Yohm? When it comes to
romance, I’m free to do whatever I want. First come, first served.”
“Wow, really? I’ll keep that in mind!”
“Don’t you start, Gobta!”
Gruecith snickered at the wailing Yohm. “Maybe I should talk to her
myself, hmm?”
“Damn it, Gruecith, I go first! I’m your boss!”
“Are you crazy? I just told you: Romance is all about freedom!”
“Yeah, Yohm!”
It was turning into quite a heated argument by the time they reached the
bathhouse. The moment they washed off and settled into the hot bath,
Gobta’s eyes began to emit a sinister twinkle once more. “I just remembered
Kabal said something to me when he was here last,” he began. “They say
there are some baths in the world with a ‘mixed gender’ rule. He said Sir
Rimuru told him about it… And, you know, Sir Rimuru’s word is law, isn’t
it?”
“Hang on, Gobta. If that’s an order from Rimuru himself, then we gotta
make sure it’s enforced, yeah?”
“Uh-huh! I think so, too!”
“What? Gobta, what do you speak of? Tell me more of this…mixed
genders.”
“Hee-hee-hee! You like it, too, huh, Gruecith? Well, it’s like this…”
He went over the topic in detail, growing more excited with every
syllable.
“So you mean…not only Mjurran but Lady Shuna and Shion as well…?”
“You gotta be kiddin’ me, Gobta. I had no idea those were the rules
around here!”
The pleasant sensation of the hot mountain-spring soak was putting the
trio’s minds at great ease. It also raised their voices high, their schemes
echoing around the chamber.
Not all of it bounced back, however. Some of the sound waves wriggled
their way right through the wall—and into the ears of Shuna and Shion, who
had invited Mjurran to enjoy the women’s bath with them.
“I wonder if we should develop a potion to banish the stupid from their
minds?”
Page|43
Goldenagato|  “Do not worry, Lady Shuna. I will beat it out of them until they cry for
mercy and their willpower is retempered!”
“I’ll be glad to help,” Mjurran added.
Records, sadly, did not exist to say what happened to the men afterward.
“Mjurran, can we have a talk?”
Several weeks had passed, enough time for Mjurran to get fully used to
life with Yohm and his crew, when her leader spoke to her.
“Certainly. What about?”
“Not…here, if you don’t mind.”
“Oh?”
That struck her as odd, but not queer enough to turn down his request. She
followed Yohm out of town and toward a deserted patch of forest.
Hmm? Uh-oh. Did he find out who I am? I don’t sense any traps or
ambushes up ahead…
The rest of Yohm’s team was still garrisoned in town; Mjurran knew all
their exact positions. She didn’t much like the look Yohm had exchanged
with Gruecith when he called her to him, but it still seemed like her cover
was safe.
So what is it, then…?
She remained baffled right up to the entrance into Forest of Jura land.
“Have we walked enough, then? What is—?”
“Mjurran!”
The interruption made warning flags shoot up in her mind. No! Really?!
So had he found out after all? Had he told anyone else yet? Or was Yohm the
only one to ferret her out so far? Either way, she had to come up with urgent
countermeasures before—
“I love you! I swear: I fell in love with you the first time my eyes met
yours!”
Her mind stopped.
…What?! What did he say?
“Huh?”
Assorted questions popped in and out of her mind, but that was the only
Page|44
Goldenagato|  response she could muster. Simply returning Yohm’s gaze took all her mental
fortitude.
Looking back, Mjurran had always felt a pair of eyes upon her. It was true
ever since she’d infiltrated his force. It belonged to Yohm, and when their
eyes met, she found herself averting hers out of awkwardness several times.
It made her a tad nervous, perhaps wondering why he was so watchful of her.
But maybe her misgivings were really about something else entirely.
“Are you serious?”
“Yes. I promise I’ll make you a happy woman. I promise!”
The sheer frankness of the confession made Mjurran’s cheeks flush. The
last time she was (chronologically) a young woman, it was a good seven
centuries ago. Her memories of it were vague at best. No memories of anyone
else back then. To her, romance was a completely novel experience.
Unexplored land.
Anxiety won out over happiness in her head. That, and:
…He’ll make me a happy woman? The demon lord Clayman’s used
Marionette Heart to make me his personal puppet. If I can’t get my real heart
back, I can never be free—and there’s no way to do that. And how could a
human ever love me? They all die far too quickly…
So she opted to delay her response. The logical part of her brain told her
to say no and get on with life, but somehow, she didn’t quite have the
courage for that. Four hundred years of life as a magic-born, and it was the
first time she had ever felt so anxious about herself.
Even after the confession, life went on as usual.
Yohm was usually fairly shallow personality-wise, but—perhaps out of
respect for her feelings—he made no further advance upon Mjurran. The
feeling was no doubt mutual. Whether circulating around villages on monster
hunts or relaxing back at town, Yohm showed concern for her, but he never
did anything to squeeze a reply out of her.
I… What should I even do? As long as Clayman lives and breathes,
there’s no way his dream could ever come true…
Somewhere along the line, Mjurran began to have daydreams of herself
more closely united with Yohm. The logical part of her brain denied it could
ever be a possibility, but she just couldn’t bring herself to abandon the
Page|45
Goldenagato|  thought. Her mind gradually began to open itself to it, enthralling her so
deeply that she didn’t even notice Gruecith staring at her, a troubled, lonely
expression on his face.
Life was good—and now, within a week’s time, it would be destroyed.
“It has been a while, Mjurran. Are you doing well?”
The magical communiqué from Clayman arrived out of the blue. It made
her panic a bit.
“L-Lord Clayman! What motivates you to contact me?”
To her, Clayman was unworthy of her loyalty. If she could, she’d murder
him in his sleep. She didn’t because it was so obvious to both parties that
she’d fail.
The last time she’d reported back to him, Clayman had been in oddly high
spirits. The same was true this time. Mjurran’s instincts sounded the alarm. It
creeped her out. Clayman almost never showed emotion to his underlings—if
he was so obviously enjoying himself now, things must be going exactly the
way he wanted. It did not seem like good news to her—and it wasn’t.
“Thanks to the intel you provided me,” Clayman told the cautious
Mjurran, “things are going quite well over here. You’ve done a superb job.
Why, I’m even starting to think it’s time to return this heart in my hand and
set you free.”
Mjurran paused, confused at the proposal. For just a moment, Yohm’s
face appeared in her mind. She could feel her spirit leap with excitement, but
she still managed to keep her voice calm. Clayman must never learn of her
true feelings. He was a demon lord, a devious Marionette Master perfectly
willing to deceive his own servants.
“Thank you very much, sir. This sudden suggestion is quite a surprise to
me. Does this mean you no longer require my services?”
“Haaa-ha-ha-ha! Ah, you never change, Mjurran. There is hardly any need
for such modesty. Why would I ever want to do away with such a talented
pawn? I do hope you’ll still be able to serve a role for me, yes.”
“I see. I am glad to hear—”
Page|46
Goldenagato|  “Mjurran,” the demon lord quietly interjected before she could finish her
wary answer. “There is no need for alarm. I simply want you to perform one
final piece of work for me. You won’t turn me down, will you? I’m sure you
aren’t ready to die yet, and I’m sure you don’t want to see the man you love
die before your eyes!”
She could feel the blood drain from her head.
“I—I have no love for…?!”
“For any man, is it? You give me far too little credit, Mjurran. All you
have to do is follow my orders, and everything will be fine. I showed you the
sweet dream of release there; I wouldn’t mind a little appreciation for that.
Just sit tight until I provide your orders, if you could?”
Then he shut off the link.
Mjurran, sadly, had nothing to counter with. No matter how unhappy it
made her or anyone else, the only road to salvation was to serve him. The
only thing that remained in her heart was the demon lord’s final words:
“When it is all over, I will release you. Your dream of living with the man
you love may not be a dream before long.”
Was this a trap?
—No, it had to be one. But all Mjurran could do was trust in his words. If
she ever doubted them, it’d lead to potential tragedy for both Yohm and her.
Far better for her to just do what Clayman said and hope for another passing
whim in her favor.
Just as it always was, the only option available for Mjurran was to wait for
her orders. But if it really did lead to her release—
Could I ever really accept him?
She had to explore the thought, no matter how much she knew it was
unforgivable.
If this dream can come true, it’ll likely mean selling my soul to the devil.
It was settled. Mjurran was resolute now. And then, as if nothing had just
happened, she was back in action.
Page|47
Goldenagato|  Page|48
Goldenagato|  CHAPTER 2
PRELUDE TO CALAMITY
King Edmaris of Farmus winced at the report he was just handed. He had
reason to. His kingdom’s situation had just faced dramatic changes for the
worse.
It all began when the seal placed on Veldora, the Storm Dragon, vanished
from the Forest of Jura. It led to a flurry of requests for monetary and military
support from Earl Nidol Migam and the many other nobles with parcels of
territory out in the hinterlands. It wasn’t a problem the nation could afford to
ignore. Edmaris had ordered measures to be taken at once—but instead of
providing what the nobility hoped for, he sought instead to further entrench
his authority.
“I suggest that we could lay waste to the monsters only after they ravage
one or two of our frontier provinces.”
“That would certainly help prove the battle might of our Knight Corps,
yes.”
“Heh-heh-heh… Sacrificing a few of those yappy little Free Guild men
won’t hurt our budget at all. You can’t pay a creditor if he ceases to exist.”
“Very true, very true. And what better stage could we set to boost your
political strength, Your Highness?”
The losses had been factored into the equation, as it were.
It was the job of a king to guarantee the safety of those who swore loyalty
to him and followed his will in protecting their province. King Edmaris
believed this. But there was no need to save the likes of Nidol Migam, some
greedy knave more preoccupied with filling his own pockets than serving his
Page|49
Goldenagato|  people. Things had changed dramatically, yes, but Migam had failed to
prepare for the future, and this was what he deserved for it.
An act like this may temporarily hurt Farmus’s reputation in other lands,
but once their knights proved themselves in combat, it would be a wash.
Instead of trying to keep the entire country safe, it was both cheaper and safer
to attack only when attacked first. The outer provinces were a shield that
protected the Farmus homeland. They were useful tools, easily replaceable if
lost. And there was no need to risk one’s neck trying to save a set of tools.
Still…
To Farmus’s central government, which had fully prepared for a monster
attack, there was something of a disappointment. A single champion, Yohm,
had disrupted the entire plan. This man, rising up from the common people to
form his own band, had gone so far as to defeat an orc lord and its entire
force—so the rumors had it. And monster-based losses had been down from
the usual rate so far this year. The king had no word about Veldora’s
disappearance causing the monsters to grow unrulier—if anything, it seemed
to be the opposite. That, as well, made the story of this new champion more
believable.
“A champion? Ridiculous.”
“Unbelievable. But the Free Guild said that an orc lord had appeared.
Perhaps it is not entirely untrue.”
“Indeed. They might not have been a full-fledged force yet, but a brand-
new orc lord would have several hundred orc soldiers serving it, perhaps.
That would still be enough of a threat to the borderlands, but—”
“Ha! This is pointless. If that’s all it is, I could wipe them out myself! And
now this man goes around calling himself a champion…”
The core of the government—the advisers King Edmaris put the weight of
his trust upon—had come to a conclusion.
“Well, if it means a threat has been eliminated, then very well. A pity it
means our royal knights can’t have their day in the sun, though.”
Folgen, head of the Knight Corps, looked less than happy with the chief
royal sorcerer Razen’s statement. For now, though, the topic was settled. He
could tell well enough that Razen was simply telling the truth. There was no
need to sally into battle just for the fun of it—an opinion King Edmaris
seemed to accept.
Page|50
Goldenagato|  The next issue to tackle, however, wasn’t one they could afford to watch
and wait on. Their tax revenues were falling.
Usually, figuring out the state of the national treasury required careful
analysis over at least several years. Here, though, the downward trend was
both looming and blindingly obvious over the previous fiscal cycle. Month
after month, the figures spoke volumes. After a certain point in time, trade-
based revenue simply fell through the floor.
The Kingdom of Farmus, thanks to its geographical location, had a hand
in almost every international exchange with the Dwarven Kingdom. It was
part of why it served as the front gate, so to speak, for the Western Nations.
They had the strength of direct trade with the kingdom; no need for
dangerous sea or land routes. The high taxes they levied on the goods they
imported from there and sold elsewhere provided enormous profits for them.
But then, one day, the number of adventurers passing into the nation
started to dwindle. Previously, Farmus had been rather bustling with
adventurers, all bringing a tidy amount of cash to purchase Dwargon-made
weapons and armor. The potions Farmus could provide literally saved lives;
adventurers could never have enough of them.
After a while, though, the number of itinerant merchants fell alongside the
adventurers. They were seeing similar crowds of them from the direction of
Englesia still, but the flow from Blumund and other nations neighboring Jura
provided far more profit to them—with the lack of any other competition,
Farmus was able to sell potions to these merchants at practically usurious
prices. And now those people were gone. With all these foreign visitors
suddenly disappearing, of course, it didn’t take long for the inns and taverns
that served them to suffer.
The numbers were clear as day on paper within a month, so the economy
minister hurriedly ordered his department to find the cause. The report that
came back was enough to shock the entire cabinet.
“A new town has been established in the Forest of Jura—a town inhabited
by monsters.”
The news, provided by a spy sent into the forest, made King Edmaris
whisper “It can’t be” the moment he laid eyes upon it. But he remained
Page|51
Goldenagato|  composed. He was the ruler of a nation, and he needed to project his
authority as king.
I cannot believe it…but I must. The most important thing is: How will I
connect this to our own profit?
His outstanding intellect pointed itself toward the future.
Before long, Edmaris ordered an emergency meeting among all the provincial
lords of his kingdom.
“But, my lord, the merchants are keenly aware of their own self-interests.
They are already traveling to this land of monsters, avoiding Farmus
entirely.”
“It is said the nation provides a safe route all the way to the Dwarven
Kingdom…”
“I heard the same. They have these ‘stations,’ I hear—small guardhouses
located every dozen miles or so, each with sentry monsters assigned to
them…”
“It is a difficult tale to swallow, but several trustworthy merchants have
confirmed it. If a traveler is attacked in the midst of their journey, they can
apparently launch these flares provided to them in town to signal the
monsters. Help arrives in five minutes or less.”
“What?!”
The ministers and nobility called to the conference seemed ready to leap
right out of their chairs as they exchanged the stories. Wild, seemingly
unbelievable tales flew out of their mouths. None of them could hide their
shock.
The Forest of Jura was teeming with monsters. Thanks to its vast size,
only low-threat creatures lived in the borderlands near human civilization.
But that wasn’t always the case. You saw the odd B-ranked (or above)
monster from time to time. The very idea of building a town smack-dab in the
middle of this chaos—and even building links to it from Blumund to
Dwargon? How much money, and how much military power, would that
take? No one at the conference could begin to imagine. Even outside the
forest, they had to expend a hefty chunk of tax revenue defending the border
Page|52
Goldenagato|  villages and towns. They were the nation’s shield, but every shield needed
the occasional upkeep.
And monsters lived in this town? That was unheard of.
The nation was apparently led by one calling itself the head of the Forest
of Jura. It did not, however, call itself a demon lord; it even wanted to build
friendly relationships with human nations. A monster building a nation-state.
It was crazy talk.
King Edmaris raised a hand to silence the room, turning an eye toward
one of his ministers.
“The nation,” he said upon the king’s order, “is known as the ‘Jura-
Tempest Federation.’ The merchants refer to it simply as ‘Tempest.’ It is led
by Rimuru Tempest, a slime who has apparently—”
“A what ?! Are you kidding me?!”
The minister was cut off by a young man with dark hair and dark eyes
who stormed up to his feet. Not a single minister or nobleman would dare to
exhibit such rudeness before the king—but this man lived in a realm where
politeness didn’t pay the bills. If anything, he was in a position to be forgiven
for such outbursts.
He was, in other words, a champion of Farmus. An otherworlder. Thus,
nobody took offense at his outburst—or, to be more exact, they didn’t voice
any complaints if they did. Some of the more powerful nobles clearly looked
down on him, but nobody needed the facts spelled out for them. Publicly
revealing any enmity would put a dent in one’s own profits.
This was a human weapon, one of the people summoned by Farmus’s
triennial “summon ceremonies” and a man gifted in battle skills. His name
was Shogo Taguchi, a twenty-year-old Japanese man.
“Enough, Shogo,” chided Chief Sorcerer Razen. “Hear out the report to
the end.”
“But a slime? That’s the lowest of the low. How can some vermin like that
become lord of the entire forest? Or—what, is the forest that  full of wimps?
Are you guys training me day in, day out just to swat a bunch of pathetic little
monsters?!”
As part of this “training,” Shogo had managed to seriously injure ten or so
of Farmus’s most elite knights just yesterday. Razen smiled bitterly as he
recalled the events. This young man, Shogo, undoubtedly wielded
tremendous power—but his heart, his mind were too raw and immature to
Page|53
Goldenagato|  bear it. It had been three years since he was summoned at the age of
seventeen, and in Razen’s eyes, his ferocity had risen by the day ever since. If
he weren’t being subdued by the controlling magic placed upon him during
the summon, he’d be a bomb big enough to raze an entire nation. Lucky for
Farmus, then, that the controlling magic was absolute in its force.
“I said, silence.”
“Geh.”
Shogo returned to his seat, humbly following Razen’s trigger word. Anger
still burned in his eyes, but Razen was too dignified in his role as head
magician to pay it any heed.
“Sir Razen,” a clear voice rang out, “I feel Shogo does not mean any ill
will. In our world, slimes are notorious for being about the easiest monster
there is to kill—well, it depends on the game, actually, but either way.”
“Ah, Kyoya. If you are in attendance, please help us keep Shogo on his
best behavior. We are sharing a room with His Highness. Do not place further
shame upon me!”
The man called Kyoya was another otherworlder summoned from Japan.
His full name was Kyoya Tachibana, and he had been brought here after
being summoned into a small nation a ways from Farmus. This made him the
newest face among the kingdom’s otherworlders, and now he shrugged in a
show of allegiance and glanced at Shogo. The other young man nodded, fell
silent, and turned to hear the conversation. Razen, seeing this, asked the
minister to continue.
This town called Tempest was apparently home to a large number of
monsters evolved from goblins, orcs, and so on.
In the self-declared neutral Dwarven Kingdom, it wasn’t uncommon to
see creatures like hobgoblins, orcs, and kobolds, but that was the exception
that proved the rule. An entire settlement of evolved monsters was something
far beyond the realm of common sense for them all.
Occasionally, every few years, you’d see the leader of a pack or herd
spontaneously evolve into a higher-level creature. Whenever one was found,
they were largely hunted down at once before they grew any more powerful.
In human eyes, the way Dwargon freely associated with such beasts was
virtually heretical.
Page|54
Goldenagato|  Here, meanwhile, every townsperson was evolved. You likely wouldn’t
see anything similar in history, no matter how many centuries you turned
back the clock. But there was no doubting their spy’s report.
With that in mind, suppressing this upstart federation would be everyone’s
likely first instinct…but it wouldn’t be so easy this time. These were
monsters with demi-human traits; they had access to knowledge and
technology, clearing out the forests, building highways, and even using
human language to conduct business. That, and the rumors of that “station”
system along the road—another spy report. Each one was officially called a
“substation,” manned with monsters who worked in shifts day and night.
These substations, as the minister calmly explained, were positioned in
relevant spots up and down the highway. They had served as temporary
lodging for the crews who built the road before being repurposed for this role
—and the monsters stationed inside were tasked with keeping travelers safe.
“Substations?” Shogo sneered. “What are these, cops?”
“Shogo—”
“Yes, Razen. Silence. I get it.”
“No. What are these ‘cops’ you speak of?”
“Huh? Um, you know, a cop…?”
Kyoya snickered at the awkward exchange as he provided Razen a quick
rundown of how policing worked on planet Earth.
“Hoh… An organization of sentinels, each charged with their own parcel
of land to patrol. I see. But how could a horde of monsters keep this going?”
“Well, maybe there’s an otherworlder like us with them. If he has the right
abilities, maybe it’s really easy for this guy to make nice with the monsters.”
“Huh? Who would go through all that trouble, I ask? If this hypothetical
otherworlder was that  powerful, he would have no problem surviving in this
world alone. Why would he go through all the trouble of drawing attention to
himself like this?”
“Yeah, that’s a good point.”
Shogo and Kyoya quickly lost interest in the topic, but Razen was still
intent upon it, face grave as he thought.
…An otherworlder? Could that be a possibility? Yes, that does sound
rather more convincing now…
He nodded back at King Edmaris, noticing the ruler’s eyes upon him.
Having a potential otherworlder lurking in the shadows behind this problem
Page|55
Goldenagato|  nation was a concern, but he wanted to signal his leader that he didn’t see it
as a major hindrance to their plan. Razen and his apprentices had summoned
far more otherworlders than just Shogo and Kyoya. A possibility was just that
—a possibility, one they could weave into their plan of action. No problems
to speak of.
Heh-heh…, thought Razen as the minister continued. Even if they do have
an otherworlder as a leader, they are nothing compared to Shogo, the
greatest weapon in our arsenal…
Farmus was hosting fewer merchants, and that meant the country’s finances
were looking grim. Once the minister finished explaining that, he went to the
main topic of this emergency meeting—the news that there was a new town
in the Forest of Jura, one that adventurers were using as a base to gather
monster-derived ingredients.
This town offered potions for sale that were just as good as, if not better
than, those manufactured by the dwarves, plus a blacksmith at least capable
of performing basic weapons and armor maintenance. Some merchants had
even taken up permanent residence, no longer having to travel the world over
to sell the items they’d harvested. No wonder the place had become a magnet
for adventurers. As far from the forest as it was, there was no longer any
reason for them to travel to Farmus’s capital.
And that wasn’t the thorniest issue. The big one—the public reason why
the king convened this meeting of nobility—was the stable road link now
established between the Dwarven Kingdom and the land of Blumund. A
brand-new highway, one patrolled by demi-human monsters who guaranteed
its safety as a trade route. It meant that most merchants could now travel
directly to Dwargon without having to circle through Farmus.
This they could not afford to ignore. If they let it slide, it could grow into
a life-or-death issue for the kingdom. Farmus, after all, had no real
manufacturing specialties to speak of. It had no resources under the ground to
mine. Having the Dwarven Kingdom next door meant its own industry was
still pretty low-level. It grew enough crops to keep its own people from
starving, but that wouldn’t be enough.
Page|56
Goldenagato|  The whole economy was dependent on the twin supports of tourism and
trade. Without those, what could possibly refill the state’s tax coffers?
The minister saluted King Edmaris as he wrapped up his report. The king
nodded back, surveyed the nobility assembled before him, and asked a
question.
“Well. What now, then?”
There was nobody to answer him.
The same report the king had seen was distributed among the nobility and
ministers in the room, outlining the details behind the just-completed
briefing. Everyone gathered was a high-level noble official, deeply involved
with running the country and extremely well-heeled. People deep in the core
of the central government. People who knew what was at stake if their
homeland lost its competitive edge and tax revenue.
They had no answer for the king, but their thoughts were the same. If
anyone dared to speak their mind, though, they might be forced to take
responsibility for it all. None was brave enough to risk that.
The common thought: Attack this town and burn it to the ground.
Farmus was a vast nation. With the resources it had at hand, it could send
a maximum of a hundred thousand soldiers into service. But they were
dealing with evolved monsters. Regular infantry would be useless. Well-
trained knights or experienced mercenaries would need to be deployed.
Unlike battles between fellow human nations, this was an annihilation
mission—kill or be killed. It was no place for amateurs. It’d just boost the
body count and drag down the rest of their forces.
So how many of these hundred thousand soldiers were actually useful in
combat like this?
First, there were the five thousand members of the Farmus Royal Knight
Corps, the all-powerful army led by Folgen, its captain. Serving the king
directly, it was a pack of elites, allowed to move freely under the king’s
orders. Each one of them rated a B in battle, and they boasted a reputation as
the most powerful fighters among the Western Nations.
Page|57
Goldenagato|  Next, there was the Farmus Sorcerer Alliance, a thousand-strong group of
royal magic academy graduates led by Razen. Each one of them was an
expert in magic, handpicked for their unique gifts in battle-oriented spells.
After that came the Farmus Noble Knight Federation, an elite corps of
five thousand composed of specially selected soldiers (including some of the
younger nobles) who served the upper levels of nobility directly. They were a
force to be reckoned with, even if they were primarily career soldiers with
only sparse experience in actual combat.
Finally, there were the six thousand members of the Farmus Mercenary
Brigades. This group was normally charged with keeping the peace inside
and outside Farmus with a bare minimum of members, but they could be
conscripted for emergencies and have their full strength taken advantage of.
Their ranks contained a wealth of ambitious young men and women eager to
prove themselves in battle and earn a spot in the ordained knight rolls.
These 17,000 fighters were the standing force for the Kingdom of Farmus,
ready to roll out at a moment’s notice. It struck quite a presence, more than
enough to dominate over any nearby nation.
But the reports said the monster nation had at least ten thousand
inhabitants. If they were all in fact evolved, it likely meant they were a C-
ranked force or more, and it wouldn’t be amiss to expect some of them to
reach B as well. Even if Farmus was still assured victory, they would have to
pay in blood for it—perhaps even the blood of the royal knights and
sorcerers, the nation’s greatest treasures. Any casualties in their ranks would
no doubt lead to questions and accusations later on. Farmus had spent a
fortune cultivating these forces; wasting them in needless combat was out of
the question, and “because we’re afraid of losing our tax base” wouldn’t be
enough of an excuse to mollify the nobles.
Given that the mercenary brigades alone were unlikely to bring them
victory, it was a must that Farmus devote all its forces to the effort.
Everybody in the room came to that conclusion in an instant. If any one of
them suggested war, however, they might be the one left holding the bag for
maintaining all those armies—and any losses incurred along the way.
And how were they going to explain this to the Western Nations?
Especially Blumund, which reportedly already had relations with this
Page|58
Goldenagato|  monster land? They’d put up a strong resistance, no doubt. Everyone in the
diplomatic ranks was too conscious of that thought, and of the future, to dare
speak without good reason.
Nobody wanted to lose access to their own interests, but nobody wanted
to lose money, either. They didn’t, but doing nothing would lead to
unavoidable losses—it may even tip the nation over the brink, if it was
weakened enough. Every one of them thought the same thing: We have to do
something. If only someone could get the ball rolling for us…
They needed diplomacy to silence their neighbors. Power to make victory
in war an assured result. And, more important than anything, a plan for the
adventurers living in the monster town. Farmus had to make sure they
wouldn’t be hostile—or convince them to join Farmus’s side, even.
All these problems at hand and no profit to be made from it. Keeping the
Forest of Jura’s status quo was difficult enough. If they attacked and
destroyed an entire nation of monsters, they couldn’t even claim the land for
their own provinces. No wonder they were facing a severe lack of volunteers.
King Edmaris knew precisely what all his nobles were thinking. He had the
exact same thoughts. The difference was, he was already taking
countermeasures.
The moment he heard the briefing, he already had his closest aides on
hand, working out how to react. They discussed how to make the most profit
from this. The crux of the issue was how to handle it without affecting the
national interest.
“If we leave the monster nation to its own devices,” Razen conjectured,
“its presence will become known to the Western Nations. Once it does, it’ll
be impossible to make any move against it. If we strike, we must strike now.”
“Ha! Monsters?” Knight Captain Folgen half spat out before realizing he
was in the king’s presence and immediately regretting it. “Certainly,” he
continued in a more disaffected voice, “evolved monsters are a handful. The
knowledge a demi-human has certainly makes one a formidable enemy. They
are showing at least rudimentary levels of organization, and they number
over ten thousand. In terms of the threat, we could charitably call them
Page|59
Goldenagato|  calamity-level and even boost them up to a disaster, depending. If the leader
of such a monster group was hostile toward mankind…it could even mark the
birth of a new demon lord.”
“What?” the king shouted. “If it is really disaster-level, the mere idea of
handling this alone is ridiculous!”
Nobody could answer him. Razen merely nodded his apparent agreement
with Folgen.
“Do not worry, sire.”
This was Reyhiem speaking, the most powerful religious figure in
Farmus. As an archbishop sent by the Western Holy Church, he was (on
paper, at least) on an equal position of power as the king himself, given
Farmus’s adoption of Luminism as its state religion. That was just a
formality, however; in reality, Reyhiem was more of a trusted right-hand
man, taking his cues from the king.
“Ah, Reyhiem. Do you have a proposal?”
The bishop flashed a smile that seemed a little too sinister for a member of
the clergy. “I do, I do, of course. Regarding this land of monsters, our Church
has already identified it as a very dangerous presence. I was contacted earlier
by Cardinal Nicolaus Speltus, and he told me we plan to smite this nation, as
it poses a clear threat to the heavens above. However, we have almost
completely failed to damage them so far, and we’ve even encountered traitors
among the human nations… Our Church wants to avoid making the Council
our enemy, as he said, and he told me to keep my ears open for any nation
willing to offer us assistance.”
“He did! So the Church has already certified them as an enemy of the
gods… But they seek the help of other nations?”
King Edmaris’s eyes sparkled. Cardinal Nicolaus Speltus was a close
confidant of the pope, the supreme leader of the Holy Empire of Lubelius, the
man at the de facto seat of power across all the Western Nations. He was also
Bishop Reyhiem’s direct superior, and he was an arrogant, coldhearted man,
one occasionally appraised as a “devil under the sage’s mask.” He was a
sharp-witted figure, ever ready to take action, enough so to give even King
Edmaris pause—and this man had made his decision. Which meant the
woman serving him was ready to move. It made the king smile a sincere
smile.
“If—and this is just a hypothetical—but if citizens of Farmus were to
Page|60
Goldenagato|  come to harm in this monster nation, what would happen then?”
“The Western Holy Church would take full responsibility to provide
rescue to its followers, I imagine.”
“Ah. Well, well! We are ever the devout followers of the faith, after all.”
“You are; you are. Very true.”
The king and the bishop shared a smile.
“If so,” interrupted Folgen, “I promise we would be delighted to march
forward and smite these monsters. I believe the Royal Knight Corps would be
enough to annihilate this nation, but I would like to be thoroughly careful.
Archbishop, will the Church be able to provide further resources to us?”
Reyhiem, apparently expecting this question, deepened his smile. “We
can, Sir Folgen. I understand your concern. Cardinal Nicolaus has already
provided his approval to deploy the Temple Knights.”
The Temple Knights was a catchall term for Church-affiliated fighters
sent off from its central temple to other nations. Said to number in the tens of
thousands, they offered the manpower to back up the immense influence the
Church had in the area, the most gifted among them forming the Crusader
groups and calling themselves paladins. Farmus’s own Church sites had
Temple Knights stationed in them, about three thousand strong—the largest
number stationed in any nearby nation.
Even as an archbishop, Reyhiem didn’t have the authority to issue orders
to them. Now, though, Cardinal Nicolaus was ready to give the command.
They could all be sent into battle in the forest without a single problem
coming up.
“You have permission to use the Temple Knights…?” Folgen nodded,
satisfied. “The Holy Church must be quite serious about this, indeed.”
The king joined him in smiling as he pondered this. Judging by how the
Western Holy Church sees all monsters as the common enemy of mankind,
there’s no way they would ever allow this nation to exist. Still, without a just
enough cause to stir men’s minds with, they would have trouble filling their
armies. And that’s precisely why they want to use us, eh? Heh-heh-heh-heh…
Well, the same works vice versa, you know…
If both sides were of the same mind, it would be easiest for them to
simply join hands in battle. Such was King Edmaris’s conclusion.
“I would suggest,” Reyhiem said to sum up, “that we take up the advance
force at the same time as when the Western Holy Church declares the war to
Page|61
Goldenagato|  begin. You will enjoy the full glory of serving as the sword of mankind!”
The king was in agreement. Whether it was diplomacy or war power,
there was nothing to fear with the Holy Church backing you up.
That left just one problem:
“Now, what bait can we prepare for the nobles to pounce upon?”
They needed to make the noble ranks cough up their soldiers, and they
needed something to reward the mercenaries with. A worthy cause and some
lofty speeches wouldn’t sway them. It could even antagonize them.
“I imagine glory alone won’t move them,” a scowling Razen intoned. “If
we put the Royal Knight Corps, the Sorcerer Alliance, and the Temple
Knights within Farmus together, that’s nine thousand troops. That should be
enough to assure victory, but…”
With the exception of Reyhiem, everyone in this huddle wanted their
approach to be foolproof. But it was Reyhiem who broke their silence once
more.
“Oh yes, yes,” he said with a smile. “Cardinal Nicolaus mentioned that in
his message as well. As he put it: ‘Monsters are not people. Therefore, the
Church has no interest in their lands. Do as you will with them.’”
Monsters aren’t people? Isn’t that obvious? King Edmaris had to keep
himself from asking out loud. Once they destroyed the monster nation, it’d be
a waste of effort if they couldn’t manage their land afterward. An extremely
unattractive proposal. But could they manage it?
Perhaps if they blessed the land and then received the Church’s
permission to rule over it? The king had no qualms about ruling over
monsters—monster slaves and the like weren’t rare sights. If they were
willing to negotiate with and submit to them, he could guarantee them
protection under the name of Farmus—assuming they converted and became
servants of Luminus. If not, they’d raze the land, enslave the surviving
monsters, and annex the entire territory.
There might be certain issues with this if Farmus was dealing with demi-
humans like dwarves. Simple evolved monsters, though? Those weren’t
people. They could even use magic to enslave them without a second
thought.
“I see. Cardinal Nicolaus is a broad-minded man indeed, reading that far
ahead in time…”
“He is; he is! And he wishes for nothing more than the continued
Page|62
Goldenagato|  prosperity of your kingdom, sir.”
King Edmaris gave this a firm nod. Farmus would gain new territory,
along with all the natural resources the Forest of Jura had to offer. No one
would complain if he left the region’s defense to them. The Council had
already recognized monster slaves as perfectly legal.
Best of all, this would earn Farmus new trade routes—routes that’d let
them leapfrog right over Blumund and continue their previous lucrative
relations with the Dwarven Kingdom. Charging tolls for the highways
already built in the forest could even lead to bigger earnings. Giving the
nobility flashes of such potential fortune should be enough to make all of
them sign on for battle.
And then…I’d love to procure and enslave that monster nation’s
engineers for us…
With all apparent problems solved, it was time to see what else was on the
table. King Edmaris recalled a certain item that had charmed him not long
ago—a bolt of silken cloth. It had been obtained from that monster nation,
they said, and it felt more pleasant against the fingers than any fabric he had
seen before. Magical fibers and cloth seemed like mere playthings compared
to this. Upon further analysis, it was found to be intricately woven with fiber
obtained from hellmoth cocoons. Hellmoths were B-ranked dangers, and the
idea of using their cocoons was seen as beyond foolhardy… But just look at
what you could make from them!
He simply had to learn how this was made then position it as one of
Farmus’s showcase exports. This wasn’t the only wonder product from the
monsters, either—others were circulating, according to the report. He had
already ordered his government to procure as many examples as possible—
but why even make that effort? Just exorcise the evil from the monster lands,
and it was all there for the taking. It couldn’t be simpler.
King Edmaris found himself struggling to maintain his composure at the
thought of all these untold riches. It made him want to burst into a childlike
smile. If he had the Western Holy Church’s backing, this battle was now a
holy war, one with him as leader and commander. The honor that victory
would earn him suddenly took on an even more important meaning. It’d
firmly establish him in the world scene, and it’d firmly put even the upper
nobles in their place.
He needed to command this holy war, he thought—and once it was over,
Page|63
Goldenagato|  he’d be able to bask in the reputation of being King of Champions. Folgen,
the champion who’d defeated a disaster. Razen, the sage who’d assisted him.
They’d all have their glory. And with Cardinal Nicolaus looking on, Reyhiem
could even get on the fast track to the next cardinalship.
Everyone had much to gain from this battle. And while the Western Holy
Church would take their “alms” in return, it was a small price to pay for all
the fortunes they’d be amassing. And—hell—any of the nobles who excelled
in battle could be granted monster lands as tribute. The king wanted their
industry and their technology; the land didn’t really matter to him. As long as
he retained the right to charge tariffs and tolls, he didn’t mind sharing the
leftovers a little. Compared to the small ransom he paid to defend the frontier
lands, it’d be a huge money saver.
In short, King Edmaris wanted exclusive control over all his nation’s
riches. So he needed to create a situation where the nobility would have no
room to complain if they didn’t step up.
This entire emergency meeting was a charade to make that happen. A charade
to make them all convinced the king thought, Well, if nobody’s going to
volunteer, then I suppose it is my duty as leader to.
The king looked around the room one more time, making sure none of the
higher nobles or ministers was about to open their mouth. Now he had the
atmosphere he wanted. The king would have to come out himself. The time
had come.
“I was hoping I could ask all of you, but perhaps it is too heavy a burden
to bear…”
King Edmaris attempted to continue. Before he could, a single nobleman
raised his hand.
“My lord, if I may dare to interrupt you! This monster nation, Tempest,
has reportedly already made ties with the nations of Dwargon and Blumund.
They have begun engaging in trade with adventurers. I thus wonder about the
wisdom of making any rash moves…”
“Indeed,” said another. “And this talk of developing their own technology,
with the full assistance of dwarven smiths… If we raised an army, who can
say what sort of meddling our neighbor kingdoms would engage in?”
Page|64
Goldenagato|  This was, in turn, the Marquis of Muller—himself a leader of one of the
larger nobility factions—and Count Hellman, who generally followed his
lead in court affairs. They both turned to Razen, resisting the urge to scowl at
him.
“…You are correct. To be honest, I can certainly see the wisdom of letting
sleeping dogs lie…”
“I am in agreement with you, Razen,” stated the king. “But—”
“Yes, I am aware, sire. If we leave that nation to their own devices, our
authority in the region will plummet. Thus, we must strike them before that
happens, regardless of the potential profit at stake… This is a competition for
survival.”
King Edmaris nodded, eyes clouded with greed. As were Razen’s. They
had practiced this exchange earlier. The king, ever thinking about his own
nation, and the loyal retainer who served him. None of it was real, but the
king’s trap was already sprung upon the audience.
“I also have an announcement to make,” Reyhiem stated. “We have not
submitted public notice yet, but we have already received divine guidance on
the subject. Our gods tell us that the land of monsters must be destroyed.”
This unnerved the nobles. It was now a holy war they were talking about,
a Holy Church–approved conflict. The will of the nation would be on their
side now.
“I understand the concerns of our good marquis and count,” the king said.
“But I could hardly find it in me to doubt the words of the Holy Church.”
“And consider this!” Folgen shouted. “Consider this a way of opening the
eyes of the assorted nations who have been tricked and deceived by this
country. No monster is worthy of trust—a lesson I feel we should teach them
personally!”
“B-but…”
“That would mean we could potentially take the blame…”
“Hmm?” King Edmaris turned a gentle smile toward his two doubtful
noblemen. “Then what do you suggest we do?”
Any concerns from neighboring countries would no longer be an issue the
moment the Holy Church backed them up. Farmus was a superpower, one
with major clout in the Council. If the cause was presented as just, both
politically and religiously, it would be simple to spurn any outside
interference.
Page|65
Goldenagato|  The two nobles turned to face each other for a moment. “Could we
perhaps send a messenger?” Muller suggested for them. “If we could
negotiate with them, we’d be able to tell whether they are worthy of our trust
or not! And if they seem ready to be allies, the monster threat would be a
thing of the past. We would have nothing to fear. The Church has not made
an official proclamation yet, I am sure, because it wants to discern their true
motives first.”
“Exactly.” Count Hellman nodded.
He and Muller both owned domains that bordered the forest, making
defense a constant worry. The marquis’s lands also shared a boundary with
Blumund, which they had good relations with. That must be what drove his
opposition.
Well, well. Perhaps Blumund has been bribing you…but this is already
settled business.
King Edmaris laughed a bit internally, reveling at how late this resistance
was as he placed both of them on his watch list. His mind was already full of
the fortune and glory he would no doubt acquire soon.
“No, my good marquis and count,” Reyhiem interjected. “The divination
has already been provided. Luminus refuses to abide the presence of any
monster—especially monsters who dare to build a nation. Any such nation
would mark the birth of a new demon lord! Allowing such a filthy thing to
exist is an egregious and unforgivable sin!!”
Muller and Hellman both gasped, taken aback by this outburst.
“I understand your views,” King Edmaris added solemnly. “Let me ask
you: Can we trust these monsters? Who could guarantee that they will not
attack people someday? Are you willing to take that responsibility? Are you
willing to protect the lives and fortunes of my beloved people? We are
dealing with monsters. Creatures we could never fathom. Creatures in eternal
conflict with mankind. Don’t you find the views you espouse to be rather
imprudent?”
The overpowering performance caused both of them to turn white, unable
to respond. How could they? The enemy wasn’t even human. What could
possibly bring anyone to trust in them? That unspoken implication was
impossible to refute.
As far as King Edmaris was concerned, the so-called leader of this horde
was nothing more than a softhearted pushover. The speech he reportedly held
Page|66
Goldenagato|  at the Armed Nation of Dwargon made that patently clear. When he read that
ridiculously idealistic quote in the report—“as we attempt to build a nation in
the Forest of Jura that serves as a bridge between the human and monster
races”—he laughed. What a foolish, easily manipulated leader this was!
Someone with no force of personality, a monster who found it impossible to
tell a lie—that was the impression the king received.
That little tidbit wasn’t included in the reports handed out to the nobility.
It was a small trick, crafted to ensure there would be no dissenting opinions,
and it could be easily defended as “not my fault” if someone found out.
If their leader is this softhearted, it might be easier to make them
surrender than I thought…
In Edmaris’s mind, this leader might find war so distasteful that a bit of a
sales pitch on the benefits of life under Farmus rule might bring him right to
the bargaining table.
And if so, we can resolve all of this in peace. If they provide their fortune,
I could even allow them the right to self-govern…
He tightened his expression, now in danger of becoming twisted in
avaricious glee. Confirming that no further dissent was coming, he spoke.
“This is a holy war! We will begin by deploying a vanguard force to relay
my will to our foes! If they acquiesce to us, then fine. If not, I will show them
the will of divinity with our most loyal of forces!”
“““Rahhh!”””
And with that out in the open, nobody would dare voice their
disagreement now. The effort to “cleanse” the land of Tempest had begun.
After the conference:
“But what if they don’t surrender once our vanguard force causes an
uproar in their territory? They might show their true colors and resist us.”
“They could,” Razen replied to Folgen. “That’s why I believe we should
send the otherworlder Shogo along with them to prove our strength…”
“Oh? I’m not sure if sending Shogo alone would be wise. He may spout a
great deal of nonsense most of the time, but his strength is genuine. We can’t
allow him to go out of control and lose him for good.”
“Indeed. Well, you know the number of monsters involved. We might be
able to flee back home, but one bad decision and he might just be killed. With
Page|67
Goldenagato|  Kyoya along, I doubt we will run into any issues. Besides, we have the
perfect person for a mission like this.”
“Ah. Her, you mean? I see.”
King Edmaris nodded his agreement.
The mission of this military strike was to sap the enemy’s will to fight. If
they could subjugate Tempest without any bloodshed, they could hope for
nothing more. They had the numbers to guarantee victory if push came to
shove, but as the king theorized, the fewer casualties they could get away
with, the better.
“Yes,” he said. “We may not need to target our full forces upon these
creatures after all. But keep your guard up.”
“Worry not, sire. We have taken every possibility under consideration. I
ordered them to simply spread a little havoc and then return to us.”
As the king hoped, Razen was planning to take a wait-and-see approach.
The three of them were then interrupted by Reyhiem and his near-
inhuman smile. “My lord,” he said, “if possible, would I be able to test out
one of my secret spells?”
“Secret? What sort of spell is this, Archbishop?”
“What are you scheming now, Reyhiem?”
“Well—”
He gave them a full rundown, his smile growing ever more cheerful. It
proved contagious, spreading to King Edmaris’s face, then Razen’s and
Folgen’s as he continued to speak.
“Heh-heh-heh… I like it.”
“Your answer?”
“Very well. Go right ahead! I will allow it, Reyhiem.”
“It gladdens me to hear that, sire. I promise it will bring you the utmost of
glories!”
And so Reyhiem’s pawns slowly, secretly began to move themselves.
Following King Edmaris’s missive from on high, a vanguard force was
quickly formed. It consisted of a hundred mounted cavalry, plus a
breakthrough force consisting of several wagons. Three otherworlders were
Page|68
Goldenagato|  among them: Shogo Taguchi, Kyoya Tachibana, and a woman named Kirara
Mizutani.
“Umm,” Shogo griped, “I haven’t been on a trip in, like, ages. If they
chose me, does that mean, like, it’s that  kind of thing?”
“Yeah, no doubt about it.”
“You hear anything, Kyoya?”
“…You were there, too, weren’t you? The Kingdom of Farmus is stepping
up to wipe out that slime.”
“That’s crazy. All these forces just to squish a slime?”
“Well, who can say? If it’s got ten thousand or whatever monsters under
its control, that’s gonna be a pretty decent threat.”
“Yeah, whatever. I mean, the knights in this country are just pathetically
weak! Seeing that, it makes me think—like, the humans in this world are
such massive wusses that even dinky little monsters are enough to make ’em
crap their pants.”
Kirara laughed. “That, or maybe you’re just too damn strong, Shogo. I
mean, that unique skill you got for battle is nuts.”
“Ahh, I’m more scared of your skill than Shogo’s.”
“Yeah. Even I wouldn’t like my chances against you.”
Kirara was still young, aged eighteen. Just like Shogo, she had been
summoned into Farmus-controlled land three years ago. Her skill—which
involved influencing people’s thoughts during negotiation—wasn’t directly
related to battle, which led to rough treatment and assumptions that she was
just another failed summon. At first.
Then it happened. It was too much for her to put up with—and that had
made her use the power right . “Stop screwing with me, you assholes!” she’d
screamed. “I just wish anyone who messes with me would die!” The nature
of the resulting Bewilder skill ensured that the effect was immediate. Anyone
who’d failed to resist it immediately committed suicide.
A negotiation skill? No way. All she had to do was bark out an order, and
she could make anyone do her bidding. It depended less on the actual words
and more on what Kirara wanted on the inside. The results were nothing short
of a massacre until Kirara’s summoner managed to place a locking curse
upon her.
All three of them had had their powers checked from the moment they
were summoned. The first few months were devoted to magic-assisted
Page|69
Goldenagato|  language lessons, along with a wide array of testing. The locking curse could
not be resisted. Any order made with it simply had to be followed, whether
you wanted to or not—and as part of that, Kirara was forced to reveal what
her skill really was.
She revealed it, but she was inaccurate on a few of the details, thanks to
her unfamiliarity with the language. As a fifteen-year-old at the time, for
Kirara, learning a foreign tongue was a struggle. Even with the magical
support, the mere act of studying was pure torture to her. The results led to
that “I hope you all die” tragedy, and ever since, Kirara’s skill had been
sealed away, restricted from activating without permission.
The same was somewhat true of Shogo, but (whether it was lucky for him
or not) it didn’t take long for Shogo’s full strength to become obvious to all.
That was what happened when you killed the thirty magicians surrounding
you the moment you got summoned. It was the work of the unique skill
Berserker, and as the name suggested, it simply provided a massive boost to
the wielder’s physical strength and abilities.
He had been seventeen then, a delinquent from a failing high school, and
his discontent and lust for violence had awoken the skill in him. Combined
with the karate Shogo had studied since childhood, Berserker provided a
massive boost to his fighting strength. That led to thirty massacred sorcerers.
If Razen hadn’t been there, it would have been even worse.
It was never a given that people summoned into this world would just go
quietly with their new guardians. They were taken from their own lives for
purely selfish reasons; anyone could see the effect that would have, and the
people on this world knew it well. To handle it, each set of summoning-
ceremony spells came with a locking curse included that made the
otherworlder do the summoner’s bidding.
“I swear,” muttered Shogo, “I wanna kill that old man. Just ordering us to
do whatever he wants…”
“Yeah, seriously. One of these days he’s, like, totally goin’ down.”
“Oh, don’t be like that,” Kyoya replied. “At least if you do what he says,
you’re guaranteed the best food and accommodation this world has to offer.”
They had gone through this conversation before. It was never enough to
leave Shogo or Kirara convinced.
“Huh? Yeah, no shit! Especially when the ‘best they have to offer’ is
garbage compared to our world.”
Page|70
Goldenagato|  “Oh, totally,” Kirara added. “There are no cute stores, no cosmetics… No
TV, no Internet, no smartphones. This world’s, like, completely devoid of
entertainment. I’d be totally fine if this planet just exploded.”
The complaints had piled up to the point where all three could blow up at
any time. Being forced to carry out orders with no free will, in particular, was
proving unbearable. And Kyoya knew that much—but unlike the others, he
was willing to take a more flexible approach to his plight. There was nothing
he missed about his old world; he was far more interested in the powers
obtained on this one—Shogo’s, Kirara’s, and his.
He had observed them, researched them, and thought about what could be
done with them.
And as he had, this current incident occurred—a monster-slaying quest,
their chance to work in the open. Finally, after two years, Kyoya would get to
see actual battle.
Maybe Shogo and Kirara don’t like this, but I think this is our big chance.
If it turns into a war, that’ll keep the guys with the locking curses on us too
busy to keep tabs. Maybe we could even kill them—or maybe they’ll just go
die themselves.
Page|71
Goldenagato|  Page|72
Goldenagato|  He couldn’t discuss this much with the other two. There was too much of
a chance they were being magically eavesdropped on. Which wasn’t a bad
thing exactly. But there Kyoya was—seeing this as a chance, waiting
patiently for the exact moment he could strike and reclaim his freedom.
Soon, the wagon carrying all three of them—each with their own thoughts
in mind—set off for Tempest.
Mjurran had received an emergency contact from Clayman. He ordered her to
deploy a special sort of high magic.
This magic involved taking the entire area within a three-mile radius and
converting it into an anti-magic zone. Spells like these took time, so he
ordered her to begin working on it at once. The purpose was to shut off
communication with the outside world—there was more to it than that, no
doubt, but the demon lord offered no further guidance.
It was clear Clayman planned something big—something that he didn’t
want the people of Tempest to know about. It deeply concerned Mjurran, but
she would never be allowed to ask questions. Orders were orders.
What’s more, this magic was meant as a defensive spell against other
magic. It was being specially customized to fulfill Clayman’s request, and as
a result, it would have to be launched around a circle with her at the center.
There was the rub. To keep high magic going, Mjurran would have to reveal
the identity of the high-level magic-born who drove it: herself. There was no
way doing so wouldn’t draw the attention of the locals.
In effect, Mjurran, a magic-user, was being faced with a potential angry
mob of Tempestians in a zone that she herself had blocked all the magic
from. It was essentially being ordered to die. The magic Clayman stipulated
was positionally based, so once it was launched, it’d last for several days
whether Mjurran was around for it or not. She was, in effect, a throwaway
piece of the puzzle.
Receiving this order crushed her. But there, yet again, the figure of a
single man in her life crossed her mind. If she refused this order, it would
bring that man an all-too-tragic fate. Mjurran knew this better than anyone
else, and that was exactly why the only choice available to her was to accept
Page|73
Goldenagato|  it.
I knew this would happen. A suitable end for me, I suppose, but I wish at
least  he could be spared—
She recalled the face of Yohm, the man who claimed to love a woman like
her, and smiled. For someone who had lived with the coldest of frozen hearts
for the past several centuries, those words were as gentle as a spring breeze.
Those words are all I need…
Steeling her resolve, she began to walk off by herself.
“Where’re you going, Mjurran?”
“Oh, Gruecith. Did you need something?”
“Heh! Not exactly, no.”
But he was clearly trying to follow her.
She tried to get away, recalling how Clayman had acted around her just a
moment ago. He was always so calm and collected, but his orders just now
hid a twinge of panic behind them. “You will trigger the magic as soon as
possible,” he had said before shutting off their link. Something unexpected
must have happened.
“Hey, speaking of which, did you see the new dessert they’re offering at
the dining hall? It’s called a ‘cream puff’ or something, and Yohm said it was
the best thing he ever had. Wanna try it out with me?”
Gruecith couldn’t have acted more carefree. It annoyed Mjurran a bit. His
smile was already starting to corrode her steely resolve.
“I appreciate the invite, but sorry. Yohm brought one for me last night. He
said it was a present.”
“Pfft. That bastard… Trying to get a leg up on me again.”
“A leg up? What’re you talking about? I have a bit of an errand to do, so
if we could talk later—”
“An errand? I’ll really get to see you later?”
“Er, of course. Why wouldn’t you?”
She did her best to brush him off, leaving Gruecith behind on the path.
“Well, I got the weirdest news just now, y’know?” He pointed his eyes at
Mjurran. “Something about the demon lord Milim declaring war on my
leader. It sounded insane to me, but you’re acting pretty weird, too, so I was
just wondering.”
Ah. There we go. Now Mjurran understood. She had no idea why the
demon lords Milim and Carillon were at odds with each other, but she was
Page|74
Goldenagato|  sure Clayman was pulling the strings yet again. He was pulling them—and
then something happened that he hadn’t expected. Maybe Milim’s
declaration of war was outside his prediction? Maybe his plan was to have
Milim launch a surprise attack on the Beast Kingdom, with Mjurran
launching a spell to coincide with that. But now that Milim was going off
script, she imagined, the whole thing was falling apart.
But why does he want to cut off all communication from this country?
Englesia and Tempest had an agreement with each other, but against an
angered Milim, they simply didn’t have enough war power. What would be
the point of cutting their—?
Then it struck her like a bolt of lightning.
…Oh. He’s afraid of that slime Rimuru. That slime might just have the
power to change Milim’s mind, after all.
The demon lord Clayman feared Rimuru, a presence increasingly
becoming an X factor in his life, joining the fray. So he ordered Mjurran to
prevent Carillon from contacting Tempest’s leaders, who’d then surely relay
his SOS to Rimuru. The longer she dallied, the angrier Clayman would be
with her. She needed to launch it at once.
“Plus,” Gruecith continued, “knowing you, I’m sure you’re already aware,
but the top leaders in this nation are pretty damn busy right now. Do anything
funny at a time like this, and it’ll be your life, y’know?”
He was right. The top staff in Tempest were, to say the least, flustered.
Some mysterious armed group had been approaching their territory for the
past few days, requiring the full attention of Soei and his agents. There were
storm clouds ahead, it seemed, and everyone could practically feel the tension
among the leaders.
“Oh? I didn’t know.”
Something was happening. Something beyond Clayman’s expectations. It
unnerved her. There was no telling what it could be. She had to launch that
magic at once, or else Clayman, crazed with fury, might just kill her and
everybody else in this town. And Gruecith just refused to let her go.
“‘I didn’t know’ ain’t gonna cut it, lady. I can’t let you do anything weird
right now—you got that?”
“What kind of nonsense is that…? If you’re fighting against Milim, aren’t
you in much more danger than any of us?”
“Oh? You talk like you know her. Don’t worry about me. Lord Carillon is
Page|75
Goldenagato|  invincible. I don’t care how strong Milim is; I couldn’t even think of my lord
tasting defeat. What I care about more right now is you, Mjurran!”
“Look, really, what are you—?”
“Let’s stop playing games here. You’re magic-born, aren’t you?”
Maybe she’d be able to talk her way out of this. But right up to the end,
Mjurran never considered the option of deceiving Gruecith.
“Huh. Your mind’s always the sharpest when it comes to things like that ,
isn’t it? Well, no point hiding it. I think the ogre mages spotted it, too.”
“So why?!”
“Because I have to. Listen, Gruecith, I like you a lot, too—as a friend. But
if you’re going to get in my way right now…I’m ready to kill you.”
With that, Mjurran did away with her magic-driven human disguise,
revealing her original magic-born form.
“Ah…?!”
Gruecith quivered under the pair of large eyeballs boring down into him,
virtually roaring with flame.
“Why are you so ready to…? Are you preparing to die? What for?
What…? You’ve got a master giving you orders, don’t you?”
“I don’t see any need to answer that.”
For Gruecith, that was as good as a yes.
“Y’know, they said Lord Clayman’s notorious for using his minions like
throwaway cannon fodder. You aren’t—?”
“Enough from you! Say one more word, and I will  kill you, Gruecith!”
Seeing the normally immovable Mjurran descend into such a panic told
him everything else he needed to know.
“Oh. I get it. If you’re willing to follow him straight to your own death—”
He was interrupted before he could finish.
“—Let me hear more about that.”
It was Yohm, using all-but-perfect camouflage skills to trick them as he
strolled out from underneath the trees. He usually took great pains to look out
for Mjurran. There was no way he wouldn’t notice her bizarre behavior.
“Yohm…”
She had revealed her secret to the one person she least wanted to—but,
oddly, it filled her with a sense of relief. A relief that turned into surprise at
what he had to say next.
“Mjurran, you have to believe in me. I swear I’ll protect you.”
Page|76
Goldenagato|  “What are you, crazy? You can see perfectly well by now—I’m a high-
level magic-born! How is a human weaker than me supposed to keep me
safe?!”
Yohm ignored the frantic plea, growing unusually passionate.
“Human? Magic-born? None of that stuff matters, man! I fell in love with
you. I love your face, I love your scent, I love your warmth. The way you
live, the way you hold yourself all proud like that. I love all of it. And that
means everything to me!!”
“…What are you saying? All that was just a fantasy created to trick you.”
“Don’t worry, Mjurran. I’m prepared to let you keep on trickin’ me…right
up to the day I die!”
“Nh…!!”
What an idiot , she thought from the bottom of her heart. But it was such a
bold, pleading declaration that it struck her completely dumb.
“Heh. I won, didn’t I? You’ve fallen for me?” He flashed her the biggest
smile she had ever seen. “I swear I’ll believe in you until I die. If I do, then
how’s that any different from it being the truth, huh?”
Mjurran still lacked the words. You’re so stupid. So, so stupid. But if
that’s how you are, then I…
“Heh-heh-heh. What a pitiful man you are. I approached you because I
wanted to take advantage of you. You’re so pathetic; it makes me laugh. This
is ridiculous. Enough of this charade!”
And with that cold rejoinder, Mjurran began to cast. There was no more
time left to waver. The tears she felt on her cheeks surely must have been her
imagination.
“No! Stop, you fool! You’re really…?!”
“What’s going on, Gruecith?”
With a beautiful, lilting voice, the spell unfurled itself—and the laws of
the world began to be rewritten. Yohm and Gruecith were already powerless
to stop it. If they could, the only real way would be to kill her. And if that
happened, she was okay with it. But she simply had to complete this spell.
She continued to chant, as if in prayer—with her heart and soul, aching to
protect the man she loved.
Page|77
Goldenagato|  The scene in Tempest was even more chaotic than Gruecith thought—even
before everything went to pieces, just as Mjurran neared the end of her work.
Benimaru, drowning under a deluge of hurried reports, already looked
sick of it all. The most worrying one had come from a sentry posted at a
substation a few days ago, by way of Gobta. “Uh, Benimaru,” he’d said, “I
guess there’s this bunch of humans in full armor, and they’re headed right
this way. The sentry asked what they wanted, and they just said, ‘We have no
need to speak with underlings!’ and marched on.”
Soei had quickly been dispatched to investigate. It was a group of knights,
over a hundred in number, and Benimaru decided they could no longer be
ignored. Soei kept gathering intel, along with Soka and his other men. Soon,
they’d pinpointed the group’s origin: the Kingdom of Farmus.
As long as the Farmus platoon’s goals were unclear, working with them
had been difficult. Thus, Benimaru had Soei’s team keep a close eye on them
as he’d discussed the increasingly worrisome issue with Rigurd.
“Perhaps we should inform Sir Rimuru?”
“Ah,” Rigurd had replied, “after he left us to watch this town, is it really
good to keep pestering him?”
“Perhaps. He makes frequent return trips at night, so we could inform him
then.”
That brought them to now. Rimuru, after all, could use his Warp Portal to
come back here any time he wanted. So Benimaru left his briefing for later
and worked on the medley of other issues awaiting his attention. It was all
very unfamiliar work, and being chased constantly by it made the days pass
like lightning.
In the midst of all this, Soei’s team sent a report from Farmus itself. The
kingdom was apparently engaging in rapid preparations for war. It made
Benimaru wrinkle his eyebrows.
“This might be bad news for us, Rigurd.”
“I’m afraid so. Not something we can afford to take so casually. I think
we had best have Sir Rimuru back here at once.”
The two looked at each other. They both concluded that handling this
brigade of knights the wrong way could very well lead to war. So Benimaru
tried contacting Rimuru—but before he could, he received an emergency
Page|78
Goldenagato|  magical communication from Alvis, the Golden Snakehorn and one of
Eurazania’s Three Lycanthropeers.
“The Beast Kingdom will enter hostilities with the demon lord Milim in
one week’s time. As a result, I want you to accept the citizens we are
evacuating.”
The delays Mjurran experienced in deploying her anti-magic zone allowed
this message to squeak its way through. Although Clayman himself should
take some of the blame—Milim’s flight speed was so fast that she reached
Eurazania far ahead of his planned schedule. Not that it mattered to
Benimaru. No, the portent of this news was so vital that it seemed to change
the very air around them.
“You must be joking!”
At once, the top leaders of Tempest were gathered—Rigurd and Rigur,
Lilina and the other chief hobgoblins, Kaijin as a special adviser, Shuna as
secretary, Shion as Rimuru’s representative, plus Hakuro and Geld. Nearly a
dozen people crammed into the meeting hall. Gabil was not in attendance, not
having been appointed to this level of leadership yet. Instead, he was simply
advised that an emergency was underway and to stand by until further orders.
Kaijin also informed Vester of the news, telling him to maintain regular
contact with King Gazel of Dwargon as needed.
And in the midst of all this, the very party of humans who had vexed
Benimaru earlier arrived, disguised as merchants.
Dude! This town’s more advanced than the capital of Farmus!
Shogo couldn’t hide his surprise.
He and his otherworlder friends were trundling into town, a single knight
serving as their coachman while the rest of the hundred-strong team kept
their distance. The unexpected sight of the town rendered him speechless. It
was amazing. Nothing about the term monster town had prepared him for
this. The sewer system kept all foul-smelling odors at bay—and, really, the
Page|79
Goldenagato|  monsters walking around seemed more identifiably human than any other
species. They were clean, bathed, and wearing more proper clothing than
many of the merchants and townspeople around Farmus.
One look was all it took to confirm that life here was far more bountiful
than life over there. It was packed with adventurers, merchants briskly
running to and fro as they carried out their business.
Goddamn! I’ve been ripped off this whole time! Why the hell’re the
monsters livin’ better than we are?!
The initial waves of shock were wearing off. Now, within Shogo, a darker
well of anger was beginning to rise. The same was true with Kirara.
“Um, what’s the deal with this? Like, why’re these guys living way
swankier than we are? Something’s got  to be wrong here.”
“Ahh, don’t get too angry,” Kyoya said—but even he couldn’t help but
feel it was unfair. His eyes were squinted, brooding with resentment.
“And this whole place is run by a slime, yeah? If we kick its ass, we can
take over this joint, can’t we?”
“That’s, like, the best damn idea I ever heard, Shogo! Let’s do it!”
“I’m fine with that, too, but we can’t stray from our orders too much.”
“Oh, it’ll be fine! I’m just sayin’—they told us to kick up a ruckus before
the rest of the knights showed up, right? Everything’ll work out great!”
“Totally. Like, they wanna stage it like we’re a bunch of lawful citizens
and the monsters attacked us out of nowhere, yeah? I can just use Bewilder to
set up some kinda pretext, and all the non-monster adventurers will do
whatever I want.”
Kirara liked her chances, and she had reason to. It was the main reason
why the three of them were here. And neither of her friends saw much to
worry about, either.
“Yeah,” Kyoya agreed, “that’s pretty much what Sir Razen told us to do.”
“Pfft. Quit callin’ that asshole ‘sir’ around me!”
“Totally. I hope that dude gets a heart attack or something. Then we’d be,
like, free and stuff.”
“Ha-ha-ha! Sorry, just a habit,” Kyoya said. “We can’t really dis him to
his face, you know?”
His lighter approach had a distinct motivation behind it. Kyoya, unlike the
others, was still hiding his true character in this world to some extent. For
now, he felt, it was best to play the loyal student around Farmus circles.
Page|80
Goldenagato|  As they spoke, Shogo mentally went over his orders one more time,
growing increasingly impatient to kick some ass. “I don’t care what kind of
excuse you have to make,” Razen had told them. “Just start some kind of
trouble—then you, Kirara, use your power to get the adventurers on your
side! We’ll begin taking action once you do.”
Farmus was currently engaged with a total of three otherworlders. That
alone was enough war power to decimate a smaller country. It was rare to
deploy three at once, but the government wanted to cover for the possibility
that another otherworlder was aiding the monsters.
Once Shogo and his friends began their business, the coachman driving
their wagon would send off a signal to begin the rest of the operation. The
otherworlders weren’t informed of the exact details, but nothing they’d do
would be any hindrance to them, and presumably it’d make things even more
favorable for victory. Shogo despised Razen, but even he had to praise his
talents. If he weren’t  a gifted magic-user, all three of them would’ve been
free long ago.
Now he ran a hand through his well-oiled hair, lifting it up like the comb
of a chicken.
“All right. How ’bout we get things moving?”
Kirara was the first to take action.
“Aaahhhhh!! You—you touched my butt just now, didn’t you? You tryin’
to do somethin’ to me?”
She had deliberately bumped herself against what seemed to be the perfect
target—a kind of dopey-looking sentry who was staring into space. This was
Gobzo, a guard under Gobta’s command and a hobgoblin known even among
his own species for being a bit special.
“Unhhh? I—I didn’t do anything!”
He lifted up his arms, head swiveling around in search of some kind of
support.
“Hey! Don’t, like, play dumb with me! Just tell me what you slapped me
there for. All right?”
Kirara drew closer to him as she spoke—then, suddenly, she jerked her
body backward and tumbled to the ground.
“Owww!! Help! Somebody call the guards!”
Page|81
Goldenagato|  “Wh-wha—? No! I didn’t even do nothin’! I, uh…I am a guard…”
Gobzo was already starting to tear up a bit. He was the victim here, but
frankly, he didn’t have a lot of allies nearby. The sheer dopiness of his act did
little to turn the suspicion away from him—and Kirara was already deploying
Bewilder, letting it sink in to the minds of human passersby.
“Whoa, the hobgoblin attacked that girl?”
“That’s a town sentry, isn’t it? What kind of sentry would pull that crap? I
can’t believe it.”
“But he just knocked her to the ground, man.”
“Really? I thought the monsters here were supposed to be nice.”
“They are. Usually. So what’s the deal with this guy?”
The locals were still a bit incredulous, but few to none of the adventurers
and merchant types nearby were willing to stick up for Gobzo. Nobody had a
full grasp of the events, and it wouldn’t be long before Kirara’s skill had their
minds completely under her control.
Shogo and Kyoya grinned at each other, then took a step forward to drive
the dagger down.
“Whoa, dude, so this town just attacks its visitors without warning?”
“That’s their plan, huh? Invite merchants and people over and then strike
when they least expect it?”
They shouted as loudly as they could as they walked over to protect the
frightened-looking Kirara. Their trumped-up charges were lodged. The real
show would begin only when this sentry’s supervisor showed up. If he was
apologetic, they could just ratchet their beef up the ranks, with the crowd on
their side. If he got angry and started throwing his weight around, that’d be a
godsend. Even if he didn’t, it’d grow into a huge hullabaloo, the rest of the
knights would storm in, and then they’d serve as judge and jury.
Shogo was therefore hoping whoever showed up next was just as stupid as
their first target. He was disappointed.
“So what’s up?”
Gobta, apparent captain of the sentries, cheerfully strolled onto the scene
—then did something Shogo wasn’t expecting at all.
“Oh man, Gobzo, not you again! I swear, every single time something
happens, you’re in the middle of it!”
He gave him a bop on the forehead before turning back toward the
otherworlders. “Hey, sorry about that, guys,” he said with a friendly nod. “I’ll
Page|82
Goldenagato|  try to educate ’im better.”
“G-Gobta, I, but, I…”
“You didn’t do it? Doesn’t matter. If you’re under suspicion, you’ve
already lost.” He ominously raised an eyebrow. “Remember what Sir Rimuru
said about the horrors of being falsely accused of assault on the street?”
This raised some eyebrows among the onlookers as well.
“S-so you believe me, Gobta?”
The sentry’s boss sighed. “Why d’you have to ask me that? You wouldn’t
have the guts to do anything anyway.”
Gobzo rewarded him with a hug and a hearty “I’ll follow you wherever
you go, sir!!” as tears streamed down his cheeks. This didn’t particularly
delight Gobta, judging by the look on his face, but he still patted his sentry’s
shoulders to calm him down.
It wasn’t a sight that pleased Kirara much.
“Whoa, what the hell? Are you saying that I’m, like, lying or something?”
“Oh, it didn’t sound that way?” a surprised Gobta asked. It was more than
enough to set the girl off.
“Don’t give me that, you piece of shit! You got a lot of balls, tryin’ to
pick a fight with me! Why do you trust this guy right off? You weren’t even
here to see it!”
The shouting did little to affect the unbothered Gobta. “It’s simple,” he
said. “It’s natural for us to trust our friends.”
“What?! You want me to accept that  lame excuse?!”
“Well,” he calmly explained, “if you want me to explain further, the only
girl Gobzo’s got a thing for is Shion, y’see. Everybody in Tempest knows
this, so there’s no way he’d try puttin’ his hands on a young girl like you,
no.”
There was a moment of silence as everyone digested this.
“Oh, that’s just mean, Gobta!” Gobzo’s face turned bright red.
“Yeah, yeah. Everyone already knows, remember?”
“Everyone…?”
Gobta shrugged. “Yeah, everyone. Deal with it, Gobzo.”
“I—I think I won’t  follow you wherever you go anymore, Gobta!”
Now Gobzo was almost as angry as Kirara. Almost.
“Will you stop with this stupid crap?! I’m still here, you bastards! All of
you should just die!!”
Page|83
Goldenagato|  There was no longer any plan of action. All Kirara wanted to do was take
everyone making her into a laughingstock and kill them. Shogo and Kyoya
would be the only ones left standing in this street intersection, probably, but
Kirara was too furious to care. It wasn’t like those guys cared about Razen’s
orders that much. So she screamed it out without reserve, half smiling as she
did. Thanks to living fairly restricted lives in Farmus, the three otherworlders
were near the ends of their ropes mentally—and now the rebound was
happening.
Already, Kirara could picture the stabbed, mangled bodies that would
litter the street shortly.
But nothing happened.
“Wha…? Huh…?”
““—?!””
The adventurers and merchants looking on were too busy laughing at
Gobzo to die for her. It visibly unnerved Kirara, as it did Shogo and Kyoya.
“I see,” a gentle but firm voice said to them. “Your skill converts your
voice into streams of force that interfere with your targets’ brain waves.
That’s quite a powerful one, so I’ll have to prohibit you from using it in our
territory.”
It was Shuna. A pair of hobgoblins had reached her to relay the events just
before the conference began. It had sounded like bad news to her, so she’d
run over with Shion as her bodyguard.
Shuna revealed a breezy smile as her eyes focused upon Kirara. Her unique
Parser skill provided a complete analysis of the girl’s ability, letting her
unleash an aura that matched and neutralized the waves of force. One look
from her discerning, fearsome eyes was all it took.
“You do not appear to be suitable for this nation. Please take your leave at
once.”
She smiled again—but her eyes were frigid. She could tell Kirara had
meant to kill with that attack, and she wasn’t about to take that lightly.
“Like…no way…”
Kirara sat weakly upon the ground. Now she knew it. She was completely
Page|84
Goldenagato|  outside her element. This woman was different. Not just another face in the
crowd. She was a real  monster.
Her two companions, however, had yet to pick up on this—or they did,
perhaps, but didn’t find it worthy of note. Kirara had lost, but the violence her
friends could mete out wouldn’t be suppressed by any weird mystic force.
They had absolute confidence in their powers, and now they had the ideal
opportunity to test them out. Besides, the plan was in full swing, and there
was no canceling it at this point.
“Hmm…”
Shuna’s beauty attracted Shogo’s eye for a moment. Then he recalled why
they were here. To enslave them. And if a woman as beautiful as this was a
monster, there was no reason not  to treat her as a slave.
“That’s your attitude, huh? Well, all right. If you’re up for it, I’m ready
for you!”
His desirous eyes turned to Shuna, analyzing how best to tackle her. He
looked forward to bellowing with laughter as she lay on the ground, bruised
and crying, and continuing the torment until she begged for mercy.
Then a quiet voice broke his concentration.
“Your licentious thoughts are written all over your face, lowlife. March
straight out of this town, and we’ll let you live. Refuse to obey, and your life
will be forfeit!”
Shion’s slim, well-proportioned body was attired in a business suit, the
epitome of cool beauty as she stepped in front of Shuna. Her eyes were
furious as she strode forward.
Shogo flashed a ferocious smile. He stood strong, never even
contemplating defeat. “Ha! I like it! Get in my way, and I’ll crush you!”
“I see. It appears you will not understand until you are smashed to the
ground. Very well. Allow me to engage you!”
Then the two of them collided.
Kyoya couldn’t wait for this moment. There was no meddling referee
overseeing this sparring match and thus no need for him to play the star-pupil
role. And with Shogo wrecking things first, he had no reason to be patient
any longer.
“If that’s how it is,” he said with a twisted smile and drawn sword, “I get
Page|85
Goldenagato|  free rein, too, don’t I? I was hoping I’d get to test this out sometime.”
Ever since he’d come to this world, Kyoya had been waiting for the tides
to turn in his favor. Now, the time had come. Before his eyes was Shuna,
with Gobta and Gobzo behind her.
Heh-heh-heh… I can’t wait to see how much I can do!
“Hoo boy. Gobzo, protect Lady Shuna for me.”
“Yes, sir, Gobta!”
Gobta drew his dagger and lowered himself for combat. Kyoya did the
same, sword straight ahead of his eyes. He was a talent in kendo, and his
unique skill—known as Severer—was focused entirely on slicing and dicing.
It was backed by his natural-born fencing talents and the extra skill All-
Seeing Eye. The skill allowed him to fully grasp the situation around him, as
if watching the action from a video game’s camera perspective. It blasted this
information straight into his eyes, boosting his reaction time—and thanks to
Mind Accelerate, he could recognize and address threats three hundred times
faster than normal.
With these three skill powers in hand, Kyoya had become the greatest
swordsman in both Farmus and the rest of the Western Nations. Razen had
ordered him to keep these powers hidden, but that order was no longer valid.
Kyoya finally had his chance to unleash them all, and it made the blood surge
through his body.
“Haaa-ha-ha-ha! With these kinda skills, not even that old lady Hinata
could challenge me, much less some wimp like you!”
With a final hearty laugh, Kyoya descended upon Gobta.
Page|86
Goldenagato|  Page|87
Goldenagato|  *   *   *
The conference began in the meeting hall, minus Shuna and Shion.
“All right,” declared Benimaru. “Are we all ready? It is time to call for Sir
Rimuru!”
He launched the Thought Communication.
Nothing happened.
The line was silent.
“I—I can’t connect to Sir Rimuru…?!”
The whisper from Benimaru plunged the meeting hall into silence. Silence
then gave way to panic. The hall bustled with worried faces and hurried
speech. Even Benimaru, who was scarcely ever rattled, instantly turned pale.
That was how much Rimuru’s silence filled them with a sense of impending
doom.
It was around that moment when Mjurran’s incantation reached its
completion.
In an instant, all magic disappeared, throwing the entire town into a state
of chaos. The townspeople moved to evacuate their panicked guests, but the
effort didn’t last—or, really, wasn’t even possible. Because alongside
Mjurran’s high magic, another secret spell launched itself—Prison Field, the
result of extended research on the part of Archbishop Reyhiem. It worked on
the same principle as Holy Field, the spell used on an official basis by the
Church’s crusader teams, but modified so even the less-experienced Temple
Knights could set it off if several of them worked together.
The buildings sagged down, creaking painfully. The merchants ran for
cover, the adventurers trying to protect them. Some basked in the mayhem;
others tried to save the town from it. The multiple factors tangled together to
spread chaos, creating a day of disaster unlike any Tempest had seen before.
Page|88
Goldenagato|  Page|89
Goldenagato|  CHAPTER 3
DESPAIR AND HOPE
Ensuring the magical field was dispelled, I crept back outside, breathing a
sigh of relief. I could feel my Replication-driven other half disappear.
Ranga half threw himself out of my shadow. “You are safe, my master!”
Being cut off must have alarmed him beyond belief, his hair standing on end
from all the nerves. I gave him a pet, trying to reassure him that everything
was okay.
This time, though, it was like… Holy crap. That bit of insurance I took out
at the start wound up saving my hide, but man, talk about a hairbreadth.
When I was locked up in that Holy Field, that put me at one hell of a
disadvantage. Trying to hold my own in combat there, with no idea who I
was fighting or how strong they were, would’ve been idiotic.
Realizing that, I created a Replication and got my core slime self the hell
out of there. My human-form Replication was a full magical corpus of sorts,
created by slapping a whole bunch of magicules together; it couldn’t move
too quickly, but it was a small price to pay if my “main” body could escape.
Looking at it that way, it was a small miracle I kept that corpus going as long
as I did. I wanted to pat myself on the back. That’s how rough that Holy Field
was.
But hey, at least I made it. Now I was kinda glad I’d treated Hakuro’s
training in the Formhide skill so seriously. If that lady Hinata had considered
the possibility of a Replication in the mix, it would’ve been all over… But I
guess she wasn’t that  wary of me. Few people would be. And that wound up
saving my life.
It sure taught me a lesson, though. I had to keep a closer eye on myself, no
Page|90
Goldenagato|  doubt. Oh, and I almost forgot: I was hiding my aura, since I was in combat
until just now, but it might be seeping out by this point. I’m pretty sure I’m
able to keep it perfectly hidden these days, but let’s just be doubly careful
about buttoning that up.
With that in mind, I crafted a new mask within my Stomach. It was a copy
of the first Mask of Magic Resistance I saw, but I got rid of all the traits I
didn’t need and boosted its core magical resistance instead. Then I shape-
shifted into human form and put it on. That should keep Hinata from picking
up on my presence. I think.
Still—that Hinata lady was just way too powerful. Off the charts. If that
Holy Field wasn’t there and she put her full force into it, what then? I had the
creeping suspicion that, nine times outta ten, I would lose.
Such were the thoughts in my mind as I looked back at how the Glutton
had fought for me back there.
………
……
…
When I awaken the Glutton inside me, it is, to put it broadly, kind of like
executing a program. A highly destructive virus of sorts, one that consumes
everything within eyeshot. That was why her rapier caused no pain as it
slashed into my body.
The Glutton had been transforming my own physical body, as Hinata
looked on in astonishment. This was a freshly harnessed “complete” form of
Universal Shapeshift in action. It let me transform my body such that it
boasted only the most useful aspects of every monster I had consumed in the
past, creating a well-oiled battle machine. The Glutton absorbed the grass, the
earth, the air around me to rebuild myself into this new physical form.
Inside the Holy Field, I hadn’t even had the magicules to create a new
magical corpus for myself. But the Glutton pretty much forced it to happen,
taking in regular physical objects and using them to power myself up.
Hinata brought her rapier back a bit, no doubt sensing the danger. That
wound up saving her life. As out of control as it had become, the Glutton was
lunging upon both the rapier and Hinata herself, using sound, heat, and scent
to track down her position. If she reacted any later than she did, she would’ve
Page|91
Goldenagato|  been torn apart by that ravenous appetite, maybe.
As Hinata looked on in fright, the Glutton completed the transformation.
Standing there now was a beast in the shape of a person. The only signs of
my former self were the golden pupils and the slightly bluish-silver hair. My
body rippled with malice, looking every bit like a demon from hell.
“I can’t believe it,” Hinata whispered. But the surprise was already gone
from her face. She was peering intently at me, like an excited scientist
making a new discovery. Her Dead End Rainbow skill slashed right into
people’s spirits—but since it didn’t kill me, she understood now that the
Glutton had no spirit, no will of its own. It was a soul in its purest form, the
origin of the power that lies at the root of man and monster.
A soul is a consciousness, by definition, but that alone didn’t provide the
consciousness any way to express itself. It still needed an astral  body to
operate upon and begin the thought process—but that wasn’t enough, either,
since any thoughts produced would just dissipate into the wind. That’s where
the spiritual  body came in, to record and keep those thoughts captive. Even
that  was still a virtual memory, though, not any kind of permanent storage—
and so we come to the material  body.
If one had enough mental fortitude, they could recover all their memories
even if their brain was permanently damaged. The fact that you saw spiritual
life-forms among the monsters was proof enough of that. But if the spirit  is
damaged, that likely wounds the astral body deeply, even if the brain is left
intact. If that wound reaches the soul, resurrection is no longer possible.
That applied equally to every living thing in this world—from the weakest
creatures all the way up to dragons and elemental monsters.
By this point, Hinata fully understood what the Glutton was capable of. A
sweet smile crossed her face, her piercing eyes shining brightly as she
considered her countermeasures. She had lost her rapier now, but not even
that seemed to bother her much. And then she removed an amulet from her
pocket and threw it at me.
“Astral Bind!”
A skill that restricted the astral body, the vessel of the soul, instead of the
material one. It still couldn’t stop the Glutton.
Realizing this, Hinata gave me a scornful frown. Before the Glutton, its
Page|92
Goldenagato|  limbs morphing and transforming in unpredictable ways as it lurched toward
her, she showed not a single moment of agitation. If anything, she was still
calmly observing me. Through all the Glutton’s twists and turns, she kept
dodging every attack by mere millimeters. She predicted every move.
“I see,” she whispered. “So you’re already dead.” She shook her head.
“You’re going to be obstinate right up to the end, aren’t you? Why are you
pestering me like this? Continuing to have it attack your foe, even after
death… If someone doesn’t completely wipe this thing out, it’s gonna
threaten the whole world someday.”
Hinata’s face remained taut as she summoned several non-elemental
spirits from thin air. They followed her orders, mobbing the Glutton. The
effort did little apart from sacrificing the spirits to stop it in its tracks
temporarily.
The only magic that could be used within a Holy Field involves amulets,
Battlewill, spirits, and the like. Among them, Hinata now chose one of the
greatest of holy magics, a powerful attack that she usually kept as one of her
last resorts. Tracing complex shapes with her outstretched hands, she crafted
a geometrical design in the air, stretching it out into a layered, physically
present magic circle. In the middle of it was the berserk, spirit-consuming
Glutton, unconscious, unthinking, and pitiful.
“Let me provide you a prayer to the divine. I hope and desire for the
power of the holy spirits. Listen to my appeal and overcome all in your way!
Disintegration!!”
The request, delivered in Hinata’s beautiful voice, was granted. The
resulting show of force was literally divine, enough to crush all physical and
spiritual presences within its defined space. It was the ultimate in targeted,
destructive magic, emitting flashes of white light as it poured from Hinata’s
hands to the circle. It sped out at thousands of miles per hour, almost at light
speed, as its holy power made cells and souls vanish without a trace. It was
more than enough to make the Glutton disappear, not affecting the space
around it at all.
………
……
…
That’s what the battle record told me. I was watching from the side, as if it
was on TV or something, and it was simply breathtaking.
Page|93
Goldenagato|  One thing I earned from this battle was Hinata’s broken rapier. I was able
to run it through the Stomach to take it for myself. More important than that,
though, was the info I gleaned about her magic and skills. I had deliberately
set the Glutton out of control, linking it to the Great Sage itself without going
through my own spirit. I had no spiritual link to it myself; it was operating
purely on its own volition. That was why, even when it took Hinata’s final
Dead End Rainbow strike, it didn’t affect me at all.
I didn’t think I could win with it. Not from the start. That’s why I ordered
it to gather data for me, so I could come up with a better solution—and that’s
what I was poring over now.
That Disintegration, though… Wow. It was enough of a threat to send a
chill up my spine. If I had taken that strike first thing, I would’ve been
defenseless. It would’ve gone right through my Multilayer Barrier and made
me vanish instantly. Its only weakness was the amount of time it required to
cast, but with that kind of force, it was only a minor quibble. Hinata made
excellent use of it.
It was definitely no joke. I wondered why Hinata even bothered with that
magical barrier at all if she was that strong. I hate dealing with a foe who’s
both powerful and careful. With my Replication, I couldn’t do more than
slice a few hairs off her head. No wonder she was so confident, not even
bothering with armor or anything. If that’s what she brought to the table, I
was correct to focus on escaping that barrier from the very beginning.
Are all otherworlders and summoners that strong, the way Yuuki said? If
so, I’ll have to assume that every one I encounter has a unique skill and
prepare appropriately for that. I was under the impression that I was pretty
strong myself, but after that experience with Hinata, my confidence was
completely shattered. Maybe the wound to my pride was exactly what I
needed.
Getting to experience Disintegration for myself was a windfall, too. The
moment she deployed that layered magic circle, it was all over. There was
simply no way to deal with it, apart from fleeing or interfering with her
before the circle was complete. Would’ve been nice if I could have Analyzed
and Assessed it, but I was too busy trying not to die to consider that. It can’t
always be that  easy. The moment I saw it, after all, my data link with the
Sage cut right out and I (my non-Replicated self) got dizzy in the head. It’s
impossible to avoid once you see it, and the layered barrier it emitted had a
Page|94
Goldenagato|  heat-seeking property as well—if you can’t get out of its trail, you can’t
avoid a direct hit.
Could Milim have handled it? I’ll have to ask her next time.
I told Ranga about everything that happened as I checked up on my own
body. I was physically fine, no longer affected by the Holy Field. What was
up with Hinata, though? She refused to listen to me, breaking out the big
guns with no provocation whatsoever. Maybe I shouldn’t have taken the bait,
but I only did because I thought I could win. Sure proved me wrong. Not that
I lost , exactly. Sometimes the best winning strategy you have is to run, you
know? And that’s what I tried to do from the start, so if I made it out, I won.
You could, if you squinted hard enough, call this a tactical victory. Plus I
gathered all this valuable data. It wouldn’t be going too far to call it a win. A
tie, at least, if I wanted to be generous.
I’m definitely not  being a sore loser, all right?
But enough joking around. I was worried about everyone in town, so I
decided to head over at once.
Attempting to teleport myself to Tempest, I caught wind of something odd. I
had tried to take a Warp Portal back to my own place, but the magic failed to
activate.
Report. Impossible to specify a target location. The cause is
believed to be some kind of barrier isolating the area.
Uh-oh. It sounds like someone’s trying to destroy Tempest, just as Hinata
said. Better get back quick, or else I’ll have nothing to go back to.
Even as I thought that, the Great Sage was searching for places still
available for teleportation. Soon, it tracked down the magic circle inside the
cave that Gabil was guarding.
“Let’s go!” I shouted to Ranga as we hurriedly made the warp.
Page|95
Goldenagato|  Gabil and the others were assembled at the Sealed Cave’s magic circle,
waiting for us. The moment he saw us, Gabil ran up, looking visibly relieved.
“Ohhh! Sir Rimuru, you are safe!”
He then briefed me on events. “…And then, just after we received word
that Lady Milim would wage war against the Beast Kingdom of Eurazania in
a week’s time, I lost contact with Sir Benimaru. Concerned, I made contact
with Soka, but apparently no one outside the cave could reach our leaders,
either.”
“I told King Gazel as well,” Vester added, “but it was hard for us to make
any concrete moves, given the lack of information at hand…”
Certainly, the king of dwarves would’ve had too little knowledge to
provide any real support. He must have been terribly concerned. He had last
made contact via communication crystal about an hour ago, but nothing
beyond that, despite a second call being expected. Thought Communication
didn’t work, either, and just as they were discussing among themselves what
to do, I came back.
I guess the bad feeling I had about all this was right. No doubt about it;
something terrible was taking place. But why couldn’t we even contact
anyone in town?
As I thought about this, Soei leaped out of my shadow, just as Soka and
his other men had jumped out of Gabil’s.
“Sir Rimuru, it is a tremendous relief to see you safe and sound.”
He had apparently lost contact with me just as I was using Replication to
save myself from Hinata, causing him a great deal of consternation.
“Whoa, Soei, I’m a lot more worried about you than me at the moment!”
He was both wounded and exhausted. Vester jogged off to fetch him a
Full Potion to drink.
“Forgive me for interrupting, but Sir Soei was injured attempting to
escape the barrier deployed around Tempest.”
“Silence, Soka. I am fine. Sir Rimuru, I am afraid the situation does not
bode well for us…”
The story he had for me was a shock. There was a military force from
Farmus marching straight for Tempest. Soei, learning this, hurried back to
tell Benimaru but was blocked by a barrier placed around town, preventing
access. Bashing right into it, his “real” body got away with “just an injury”
(he said in his oh-so-Soei-like way) and all his Replication copies were
Page|96
Goldenagato|  expended. Anyone else would’ve died in a hurry. Regardless, his men were
just about to attempt to break through the barrier when they noticed I was
back.
Soei’s apparent nervousness was entirely due to my disappearance, it
seemed. A lot of things must’ve happened in the past half hour or so,
Hinata’s attack on me being one of them.
“Well, sorry I made you worry, Soei.”
“Not at all, Sir Rimuru. As long as you are safe, there is nothing to
complain about.”
I appreciated the thought, but if I had returned to Tempest faster, I might
never have run into Hinata at all. I had left for my own selfish reasons, and I
had better make up for it.
Before that, though:
“So if the Kingdom of Farmus is moving against us, was it them who built
the barrier over town?”
“It is likely so, yes.”
“In that case, everyone in town is in danger?!”
The thought made my mind begin to race. Hinata had cost me a dear
amount of time. We couldn’t sit here talking all day, I decided. I needed to
head to town, fast.
“Gabil, you guys guard the cave. Keep Vester and the dwarven potion
staff safe! If any intruders come in, try your best to capture them alive.”
“Yes, my lord!”
“Sir Rimuru, what should we do about contacting King Gazel?”
“Ah… Wait until I get a grasp of the situation. Right now, all we’d do is
worry him further.”
“Very true. All right. Be safe!”
I could understand Vester’s concern, but there wasn’t much I could say to
the king yet. He already had his preliminary report; he would have to wait a
bit for more.
“I’ll go on ahead.”
“Yes, sir! We will follow soon behind.”
I attempted to use Shadow Motion to head for town, only to remember the
skill had evolved into Spatial Motion.
“Hold on, Soei. Let’s go together, actually. All of you!”
“Huh?”
Page|97
Goldenagato|  I launched Spatial Motion without further explanation, connecting our
current location with a point just outside the barrier. There was a hole in the
air, just large enough for a person to shimmy through, and our target point
was on the other side. Talk about convenient.
“The cave’s in your hands, Gabil!”
“Yes, my lord! I will await further orders!”
He and his men nodded at me as I stepped through the portal. In another
moment, we were outside of town, Soei and his team behind me. Soei seemed
calm, but Soka and the others were pretty wary of traveling this way. I guess
I couldn’t blame them. Wish I’d had the time to explain things in detail,
but…you know.
Now I had an ominous-looking barrier in front of me. If someone as
powerful and talented as Soei couldn’t bust through it, it must be a pretty
damn strong one, too. I brought my left hand up to it, absorbing part of its
surface, and ran Analyze and Assess.
Understood. The effects of Great Magic: Anti-Magic Area are
detected, albeit with a reduction in magicule density. It runs on the
same principle as Holy Field but is not uniform in composure, some
areas being less dense than others. It is impure, likely an inferior
version. Anyone inside it will be affected, but the effects can be
resisted with Multilayer Barrier.
Well, if it’s inferior, then no worries. Let’s head on in. I had Benimaru
and everyone else to worry about right now. Plus, the way the Great Sage put
it, any “great magic” needed to have its caster in the middle of it, but this
barrier was activated from the outside. It was a large-scale casting, likely
requiring several people—more than one or two—taking care of it.
“Soei, track down the guys casting this barrier so I can take them out. Do
not engage in combat with them. Just bring all your men to them and gauge
their strength.”
“Yes, sir. How should we contact you?”
I produced a string of Sticky Steel Thread and wrapped it around his neck.
“How about this? Run it through this strand, and we should be able to pick up
Page|98
Goldenagato|  on each other.”
“I see. That should work…”
Upon testing it out, we found that Thought Communication worked as
long as you cast it through the Thread, inside and outside the barrier.
“Right. Get going! I’ll head over if you run into trouble. If you think you
can beat them, neutralize them, but don’t kill anyone.”
“Yes, sir!”
Then all five of them—Soei, Soka, and their three trainees—disappeared
without a sound. Man, they really were like ninjas. They’d easily hold their
own against a high-level magic-born, no doubt, if Soei was leading them.
But right now, we had to be careful. A single mistake could kill us. Every
possibility had to be addressed. Along those lines, I had the Sage continue its
analysis, hoping it’d find a way to remove the barrier from the inside. Soei
had his orders, and I had mine. It was time to break in.
There were magicules left in the air around town, although not as much as
before. If it wasn’t for the Anti-Magic Area over it, you’d be able to cast
magic to some extent. The Sage was right; my Multilayer Barrier made me
feel no ill effects at all. This was far weaker than the Holy Field, which was a
relief.
Running through town, I headed toward our main office off the central
plaza. The space was filled with people, the atmosphere tense and panicked.
Something definitely did happen. It worried me.
Realizing I was there, the crowd opened a path for me and fell to their
knees. A few of them ran toward me. There was Rigurd, sprinting at top
speed, with Rigur, Lilina, and the hobgoblin elders following behind.
“Sir Rimuru! It is wonderful to see you back. I am so glad you’re safe…”
He kneeled, practically clinging to my legs, looking about ready to burst
into tears.
“Yeah. Sorry I made you worry.”
“Oh, not at all!!” he said in abject relief, before he did indeed burst into
tears. The rest of them also knelt, keeping a polite distance away from Rigurd
and me as they celebrated my return. I guess losing contact with me worried
people a lot more than I thought it would.
Page|99
Goldenagato|  Not everyone there was bawling over me, though.
“Nice to see you back, boss,” Kaijin said, his voice taut. It sounded like he
was painfully trying to keep the worry from showing. I could feel emotions a
lot more instinctively from the monsters, but I had a feeling he was hiding his
at the moment as well. Garm and his two dwarven brothers were there, too,
blocking the way to the plaza as if trying to prevent me from going there.
“Follow me to our meeting room, if you could,” Rigurd said as he calmed
down from his crying jag and stood up. “There are things I wish to report and
discuss with you.” Now he was back to his usual bold self—no time for
sobbing here—and his voice was firm and unyielding. He was ready to do
what needed to be done. The building he led me to was away from the plaza;
I guess he didn’t want me in there, either. What was going on? It worried me
a little.
“Here, Rigurd, you and Kaijin get out of the way. What’s going on?”
“Oh, um, just a small hiccup…”
“No talking your way out of it. Let me through.”
The Coercion skill I interlaced with my words made them all give up,
opening the way for me. Just as they did, an explosion rumbled a little
distance from the plaza. Even with the lowered magicule density, I could
recognize the aura as Benimaru’s—and judging by the sounds of things, he
was in battle.
“Is he fighting someone? Let’s go!”
I ran for the area. Rigurd and the others followed behind me, expressions
of relief on their faces (not that they noticed).
As I expected, Benimaru was in battle—well, not a battle so much as him
heaping one-sided torment upon his opponent. There was a team of high orcs
surrounding him, all clad in black armor, led by Geld and watching the
proceedings instead of helping Benimaru out. Geld was usually cool as a
cucumber, but just like Benimaru, he was fired up right now.
His opponent was the beastman Gruecith. I wondered why someone
serving Carillon was drawing Benimaru’s ire like that, but then I noticed
Yohm behind him, lying limply on the ground, and a beautiful woman I had
never seen before cradling him. It seemed like Gruecith was trying to protect
them. Benimaru had yet to draw his sword, but his aura was practically
Page|100
Goldenagato|  gushing from his body, making it clear he was struggling to hold back his
anger.
“You seek to protect this woman, too?” he asked. “We don’t have time for
this right now. Get out of here at once.”
“Heh-heh! Can’t do that. No way I’d hand her over when all of you are so
worked up like this!”
“Oh, ‘worked up,’ you say? If I was ‘worked up,’ I would have turned you
into a pile of ash long ago, trust me. Just give it up and—”
“Not gonna happen! I’m on her side, no matter what!”
Then Gruecith sprang into action, zooming toward the still-unarmed
Benimaru. He transformed in an instant, turning into what looked like a gray-
furred werewolf. His speed was far beyond what he showed in the fight with
Yohm as he rushed ahead, confronting him with a dagger in each hand.
“I told you to give it up!”
The daggers instantly vaporized the moment they made contact with the
aura protecting Benimaru. It made Gruecith freeze in his tracks, just enough
to let Benimaru catch him, pick him up with a single left hand, and hurl him
against the ground. There was a dull thudding sound as cracks appeared in
the earth. Blood flowed from his head.
It was the first demonstration of Benimaru’s force I had seen in a while,
and it was on a completely different level from his opponent. Without even
really trying, he had victory in hand from the start. But Gruecith refused to
give up, springing right back to his feet.
“Ngh… But I’m still…”
“Pfft. Enough of this nonsense. If you continue to resist me, I will be
forced to kill you, you understand?”
He tried lifting Gruecith again, a look of resignation on his face.
“Benimaru, stop!”
It was then that I finally shouted and put an end to this.
Noticing me, Benimaru promptly let Gruecith go, and he fell to his knees, the
aura flowing out of him coming to an instant stop, and the intensity in the air
faded. Geld and the rest of the audience did the same, celebrating my return
—but Yohm and Gruecith needed attending to first.
Page|101
Goldenagato|  “Benimaru, what is going on here?”
“Well, my lord…”
He ran down the story for me as I had the two injured drink some potion.
As he put it, a group of people disguised as merchants attempted to attack the
town. They were quite a bit more powerful than expected, creating some
serious chaos. “Then,” he said, “we were no longer able to use magic, and we
could feel the strength ebb from us. Thanks to that, the people in town were
—”
“Sir Benimaru!”
Rigurd shouted down Benimaru before he could finish. They exchanged
glances with each other as Benimaru awkwardly nodded.
“Let us discuss that later… Regardless, however, we were weakened
thanks to whatever magic that woman over there cast.”
Geld nodded deeply at this, telling me about how he tracked down this
caster and attempted to capture her. Yohm got in his way, and they were
forced to fight it out. The rest of Yohm’s force was not involved; they were
still confined in their barracks for the time being. Things had definitely gotten
a lot sourer than I thought.
Just then, a rejuvenated Yohm threw himself down at my feet.
“Rimuru, man, I’m sorry! I had no intention whatsoever of betraying you.
All I wanted to do was protect Mjurran’s life!”
Mjurran, the mystery woman who had simply looked on dejectedly so far,
stepped forward. “Enough, Yohm,” she said, looking a bit sad—somber and
perhaps afraid of losing something dear to her. “Just go ahead and abandon
me. There’s no need for you to be involved, too.”
“Please, Sir Rimuru,” Gruecith added, similarly prostrating himself before
me. “I fully understand that, as your guest, I have no right to speak about this.
But still… Please, could you at least hear her out?”
Benimaru and the others looked disgusted at this, but my return had at
least calmed them somewhat. Geld was normally coolheaded; as freaked out
he was, it must have been something pretty deep… But I couldn’t make any
decisions on this until I heard the whole story. Best to get both sides of this, I
thought as Mjurran quietly spoke once more.
“No, Yohm. No, Gruecith. I have no right to be protected by you. Who
can say how much this town has lost, thanks to me…? I was the one who
engineered this tragedy…”
Page|102
Goldenagato|  Rigurd winced at this. Benimaru averted his eyes. Kaijin just closed his
and stood there awkwardly. This tragedy…? It did seem like something was
being hidden from me, yes…
“Um, what do you mean by ‘tragedy’?”
The silence my question conjured hung heavy until Mjurran stepped
forward. Geld warily sized her up, requiring me to stop him.
“…Follow me,” she said as she boldly walked off, apparently ready to
accept all responsibility for the crime she committed. There was something
beautiful about it, in a way. She was headed for the plaza in the middle of
town, the place they’d tried to keep me from reaching earlier.
There, before my eyes, was an untold number of monsters on the ground
—men, women, even children. I approached them. Every single one of them
laid down there—
—was dead.
…How the hell did this happen?!
I felt my legs go weak. What’s going on here? Damn, my mind’s racing
on me. There was about a hundred of them on the ground. Huh…? And
they’re all dead…?
You’re kidding me!!
I heard one of the hobgoblin elders speak as I tried to take it all in.
“We followed your wishes, Sir Rimuru, and treated the merchants with
kindness and civility. We had no idea there was evil among their ranks—”
“S-silence!” Rigurd shouted. “You make it sound as if Sir Rimuru is at
fault!”
It was too late. The words battered harshly against my mind.
“I—I apologize. I had no intention of that…”
I could hear the apology from afar, but my heart wasn’t open to it.
He was right. My orders, my words, were the cause.
Page|103
Goldenagato|  I may be a monster…but I used to be a human being. I just wanted to be
nice to people. Now, reality’s setting in.
So what the hell’s the right thing to do, then?!
…Who knows? That’s what I’m supposed to figure out.
My irresponsible mind attacked me incessantly, but I couldn’t let it dictate
my actions. This was my fault, and it was up to me to shoulder the
consequences. It felt like a torrent of regret, a wellspring of anger with no
place to go, was gushing out of me. It was hard to think. I felt like I was
breathing more rapidly, even though I didn’t need to breathe in the first place.
I had no physical heart, but I could still sense it racing.
It just didn’t seem like reality. I almost splattered against the ground,
unable to retain my human form. But that wasn’t allowed. All I could do was
grasp the situation and make sure I didn’t pile mistake on top of mistake.
“What is…? What happened here?”
My voice was far away, cold and remote. It felt like all emotion in my
mind had frozen.
“If I hadn’t cast a great magic,” Mjurran said as I attempted to stay on my
feet, “I’m not sure any of this would have happened.”
So this woman’s…the cause of it? And that’s why Benimaru was so riled
up…?
…I’ve got to clear my head!!
Report. Great Magic: Anti-Magic Area does not weaken its targets
in and of itself. In terms of a cause, it is believed the people who the
individual Soei was investigating are more relevant.
My mind echoed with the voice of my partner, someone never swayed by
emotion.
No, but… Right. Calm down. This woman Mjurran was attempting to rile
me up to the point that I’d kill her—and only her. She was diverting blame
away from Yohm and Gruecith. I knew  that, as long as I could keep my head
cool…
Giving in to my rage and killing Mjurran wouldn’t solve anything. It’d
just be venting my anger.
Page|104
Goldenagato|  It was only thanks to the Great Sage that I didn’t make another mistake.
Thus we decided to get ourselves together and discuss matters somewhere
else. On the way, I asked Rigurd if there were any other victims.
“No, my lord,” he said, “we assembled all of them here. There are other
injured, but Lady Shuna is taking care of them.”
I was wondering why Shuna wasn’t around, actually. That explained it.
Our potion storage was all concentrated in the cave, so she was probably
using her own healing magic for the job.
“Should I give them some potion, then?”
“N-no, I don’t think that’s necessary. I hate to put it like this, but our
attackers were rather formidable… And surprisingly few people emerged
only with injuries.”
In other words, they were all killed off in one shot. I could feel my anger
coming back. Can’t have that. I need to stay calm.
“All right. Let’s talk this over first.”
………
……
…
Once we were all in the meeting hall and a bit more relaxed, I received my
briefing. I put my mind to work, even as the shock made the whole thing feel
like an out-of-body experience.
The first attackers were a trio who targeted Gobzo and got him into a
conflict. That dopey face of his definitely made him look like an easy mark,
and I bet it didn’t take much to shout him into submission. Not that it was his
fault, but he sure was unlucky to have this riffraff notice him.
The conflict seemed to make Gobzo look like the bad guy, but Gobta
stepped in to resolve it quickly. What happened next was the problem—that
was when the attackers revealed their full strength and conflict began in
earnest. They were astonishingly strong, it seems, enough so to even give
Hakuro a run for his money when he stepped into the fray. From how it was
described to me, at least, they were the real deal.
Page|105
Goldenagato|  “…If he hadn’t been weakened,” grumbled Benimaru, “Hakuro would
never have been defeated.”
He and Gobta were injured in the midst of all this, and now that made
sense to me. They avoided death only because they gave their all in the fight.
I’m sure neither of them was a fan of being told they lost, but if they
survived, that was all that mattered. I was having Soei check out the energy-
sapping barrier. He’d provide a report before long, no doubt, and all we’d
have to do then was deal with that and take on the next fight fully prepared.
“After that,” Rigurd continued, “a group of one hundred regular knights
from the Kingdom of Farmus visited town. The attackers requested help from
them, and the knights agreed, stating they would take on the task under the
laws of humanity and the name of divinity. They refused to listen to our
words. It was all too one-sided.”
As he put it, the head of the knights shouted, “We came here to
investigate reports of a nation of monsters, and what manner of chaos do I
find?! In the name of humanity, we promise to provide aid to our defenseless
comrades!” Then they all drew their swords and joined in the fracas,
attacking both the monster soldiers and the residents looking on. This
included children, indicating that they saw us as little more than animals.
I’d told them to try their best not to be aggressive against human beings,
and I guess that put them at a big disadvantage. It took time for Benimaru,
Geld, and the rest to tackle the threat in earnest. “We should have made them
give up their weapons before entering town,” Benimaru commented—but
there’s no way these guys would do something like that of their own volition
and without an order from me.
I figured they would contact me via Thought Communication about
anything like that, and I paid dearly for that error. In the end, the cause all
goes back to me.
One of the Farmus knights left a message before leaving. It went like this:
“This town is contaminated by the presence of monsters! As protectors of
the law of humanity and as faithful followers of the One God Luminus, we
refuse to acknowledge the existence of a monster nation! We have therefore
signed an official pact with the Western Holy Church to consider how to deal
Page|106
Goldenagato|  with this country! We will return one week from today, commanded by our
leader himself, the wise and noble King Edmaris. If you surrender and agree
to fall under our rule, then by the name of our god, we will guarantee your
continued existence. Give up your pointless resistance and surrender at once.
If you do not, then in the name of Luminus, we will eradicate all of you from
the face of the Earth!”
It was clear they didn’t care at all about what we would do. Soei had
already reported that the country was preparing for a military operation. All
that stuff about “investigating” our nation was a big lie. Maybe they were
doing that, but they had already decided that wiping us off the planet was the
only option.
“What a charade.”
“It certainly is.” Rigurd nodded.
I recalled what Hinata had said: “Your town, you know… It’s a bother to
us. So we’ve decided to crush it.” Farmus and the Western Holy Church must
have been conspiring against us from the start. Instead of one taking
advantage of the other, I imagined they teamed up because they shared a
common interest.
So I told everyone about my battle with Hinata and the words we
exchanged.
“…The head of the paladins?”
“Wow, boss. Nice job surviving that.”
Benimaru and Rigurd seemed unfamiliar with the woman, but Kaijin and
the dwarven brothers were fully aware of her, and my story gave them a
shock. Considering the dealings they’ve sustained with monsters, the
Dwarven Kingdom and the Western Holy Church weren’t really on good
terms—not bad enough that they were off to war tomorrow but more like
each pretending that the other didn’t exist. They did keep some tabs on each
other, though, as any nations would.
“Really,” Kaijin said, “even with the full might of the Dwargon military,
it’d be a bad idea to make the Western Holy Church your enemy. But the
Dwarven Kingdom is built kind of like a natural fortress, and they carefully
check everyone who goes in and out of it. It’s that kind of protection that
makes it hard for the Church to declare them an ‘enemy of god’ or whatnot.
They both have a lot of history, though, and they’ve had hostilities in the
past.”
Page|107
Goldenagato|  I figured the Western Holy Church had it in for us because it saw
monsters as these horrid things that could never be abided. But what about
Farmus?
“Sir Rimuru,” a tentative voice said, “about that…”
This was Gard Mjöllmile, the merchant I met when he helped with our
first large-scale potion sale; he had listened in silence up to now, seated
alongside a few other merchants and adventurers. I had called in several
people from the kingdom of Blumund so I could get a second opinion on all
this; I just wanted to learn the truth, so I decided having them listen in wasn’t
a big deal. It seemed to pay off, as nobody in the hall suspected us of being
anything besides the victims here.
The rest of our visitors currently in town were being cared for in the
guesthouse. The fact that none of them was hurt was the only silver lining,
really. Rigurd suggested it, figuring that the ornateness of the place would
calm their frayed nerves. I love how much I can count on him. It’s a far cry
from his goblin days, definitely.
“Ah, Mjöllmile. Go ahead.”
I tried to address him as informally as possible. All of our other leaders—
Benimaru, Rigurd, Geld—were still seething with anger, so the atmosphere in
the hall was rather taut. I was pretty emotionally spent myself, making it hard
to be my usual open-minded self. I knew it was a bad thing, but I couldn’t
shake out of that cycle. It was no doubt rubbing off on Mjöllmile, making
him oddly silent.
“I know this is heartbreaking for all of you, but with the situation being
what it is, I felt the need to speak up.”
I appreciated the thought.
“At this point, we have a brand-new trade route that runs through
Tempest. It has already begun to change the way merchants distribute their
goods. It is still not broadly known about outside of Blumund and its
neighboring nations, but once word begins to spread, it will become known
across the Western Nations in the blink of an eye. As a result…”
“As a result?”
“…Well, I imagine it wouldn’t be out of the question for someone to think
about conquering this nation before word gets out.”
As Mjöllmile put it, any perceptive leader wouldn’t fail to understand the
importance of this trade route. The income from tariffs alone would be a
Page|108
Goldenagato|  likely fortune. That, and Farmus—the gateway to the Western Nations, as it
were—was prospering in no small part thanks to just that kind of income. If a
new trade route opened here, Farmus stood to lose the most from it.
To them, no doubt, they didn’t want any of this to exist; they’d have no
effective way to stop people from coming here instead of there. You’d figure
the best way to tackle that was to shore up their own infrastructure and make
travel easier, but that required a vast amount of money. Building roads from
scratch took time as well. There was no ready response they could take.
I didn’t intend to be the kind of leader who pursued only what was best
for Tempest, ignoring how other countries profited or lost from it. If we were
seeking to coexist with the rest of the world, I figured, I wanted everyone to
profit from us. But I was still such an amateur at this. There’s no way I could
perfectly understand how this world was connected, and I must have stepped
on the tails of one too many tigers here.
“Indeed,” stated a merchant whose name I didn’t know, “the king of
Farmus is notorious for his greediness. Even if he didn’t take a military
solution, I could see him looking at the profits being made here and reaching
out for a slice.”
“That’s a good point,” I replied. “I’m not a genius at this, but even I think
this approach is a little strange.”
“It is. Taking action like this, without going through the Council…”
“As an adventurer, I can’t say how Blumund’s gonna respond to this, but
this move on Farmus’s part makes no sense to me. Pulling such an obvious
trick and attacking women and children, even…”
“Yeah. We like this place, you know? And if they’re gonna attack in a
week, I’m willing to help if you’re fighting back.”
“But the Church called you all enemies of their god…? That’s not exactly
good news.”
Mjöllmile’s observation opened the floodgates for more feedback from
the merchants and adventurers. I appreciated all the helpful advice. It really
felt like they were looking out for us—in other words, unlike the Farmus
knights who dismissed us as monsters, these people really saw us as their
friends. The fact that some of them were even willing to take up arms for us
surprised me quite a bit. I thanked them for the sentiment but turned them
down. The reason was simple: I didn’t want to get them caught up in this.
“I appreciate how all of you feel,” Rigurd said, “but this is a problem that
Page|109
Goldenagato|  we need to wrap up by ourselves. What I want you to do instead is return to
your native lands and spread the word about this as quickly as possible.”
“Oh? We could just send out a wagon.”
“Staying here might not be a good idea for all of you, though…”
“How do you mean?”
I explained it to them. Maybe I was overthinking matters, but the worst-
case scenario in my head seemed all too believable. The way I saw it, Farmus
and the Western Holy Church no doubt wanted to declare to everyone in the
Western Nations that Tempest was a den of evil. If and when they did, having
our local residents advocating for us would be a hindrance to the propaganda
effort.
If Blumund wasn’t siding with them, would Farmus consider residents
like these just a hindrance? Because if they did spread the word, Farmus’s act
would become notorious nationwide. The Council might even pursue the
matter. How would Farmus prevent that? Well, they were the type of nation
to make militaristic threats from the get-go instead of negotiating. To them,
the hundred-ish Blumundian residents here meant nothing. They’d kill them,
make sure they could never talk, and maybe even blame it on us. It’d help
further the impression that we were a ferocious threat, and it’d provide the
Holy Church just what it wanted. Two birds with one stone.
That’s why I wanted them all back in their native nations and pleading our
case for us. They were the best character witnesses we could ask for.
“I see. So we’re lower than dogs in their eyes, eh…?”
“Killing us and pinning the blame on Tempest…”
“It does sound possible, yes.”
“Especially if it’s a human’s word against a monster’s, if you’ll pardon
my rudeness.”
“But in that case,” Rigurd replied, “I’m not sure how we would transport
everyone out of here. I would like to lend you guards, but in essence, we’re
pinned to within our own borders for now.”
It was a valid question, and I already had an answer for it.
“That’s no problem. I’d like all of you to go back to your quarters and
prepare to leave for now. I promise safe passage to the outskirts of
Blumund.”
Then I began my own preparations. The Blumundians were confused, I’m
sure, but they followed my request without further questions and filed back to
Page|110
Goldenagato|  the guesthouse.
So. Time to switch gears. Rigurd and Benimaru briefed me on the attack; our
Blumundian guests explained their position and opinions. Now it was time to
speak to the woman herself: Mjurran, who had sat silently and watched up to
now.
“All right,” I began. “Can you explain in detail, please, about the events
that led to your meddling with our nation?”
She explained in a calm voice. “I am one of the ‘five fingers,’ the closest
servants of the demon lord Clayman. As his nickname ‘Marionette Master’
hints, he uses his subordinates like puppets, making them do exactly what he
wants. I am one of those puppets. He assigned me to spy on this nation, and I
used Yohm to gain entry into it.”
She went on in detail. It sounded like the cold, hard truth to me, no lying
or excuses mixed in. Clayman, it seemed, was the kind of boss who used and
abused the crap out of those under him. Mjurran was the so-called “ring
finger” of the group. She used to enjoy a position of favor, providing
essential information to Clayman on a variety of subjects, but now he saw her
as used up and not particularly worthy of attention, although he claimed he
would free her upon completing this mission.
Milim told me that Clayman loved scheming behind the scenes,
attempting to outwit his opponents. It sounded about right. I was sure nothing
Clayman did would ever bother Milim very much, but to the magic-born who
served him, every day must have been a life-and-death tightrope walk.
Magic-born like Mjurran served Clayman for a number of reasons, but
most of them were either threatened by or magically bound to him. Her own
mission in life was to complete her research and peer into the deepest depths
of magic, and she had taken Clayman’s offer for immortality and an eternally
young body. In exchange, she had lost herself, living purely to follow
Clayman’s orders.
“I know it was stupid of me,” she added with a regretful look on her face,
“but my heart was taken from me with a secret skill known as Marionette
Heart. I no longer have control over my own destiny, and carrying out his
bidding is the only thing I can do.”
Page|111
Goldenagato|  So she was just following orders. Apparently, she learned from Gruecith
that Milim had declared war on the Beast Kingdom of Eurazania, and she
surmised that Clayman sent her here to keep us from interfering. Now,
though, she realized that a mission like that could be carried out simply by
blocking magical communication; there wasn’t any need for this massive
(and non-hidable) magic barrier.
He had said that doing this would guarantee her freedom, but she knew
the chances of pulling the job off successfully were slim. She had to do it
anyway, though, or else Clayman threatened to strike at Yohm and his team.
So she decided to take him at his word, that this was his last command. She
didn’t really have any intention of surviving, as she put it; her death would
ensure that Yohm and friends wouldn’t have to face any consequences.
“Things are starting to grow interesting,” Clayman reportedly said to her
in his last message. “There’s going to be an enormous war! Certain
unexpected events have led to developments I did not anticipate, but who can
say how it will turn out?”
Mjurran had thought—erroneously, as it happened—that he meant a war
between the demon lords Milim and Carillon. Now it looked like he was
talking about this conflict, the one between Tempest and Farmus. Which
sounded right to me. Clayman’s part in this was to work alongside Farmus’s
moves and block any outside contact from Tempest. It certainly would be
difficult to avoid war that way—and Mjurran’s great magic pulled one hell of
a job on us. This wasn’t just plain old jamming magic. It was position-based,
and since it was meant to block all contact, it couldn’t be easily undone.
Killing Mjurran at this point wouldn’t release the magic. It took time to
disappear—nearly a week. Even if we wanted help from other countries,
magical communication didn’t work. It would take time to make contact with
Blumund or the Dwarven Kingdom without magic. There was just too little
time to address Farmus, which already had their boots on the ground.
We were behind the eight ball here, for sure. But ah well. I can get out
from under the barrier, and there’s a communication crystal waiting for me in
the cave. That’s where Clayman’s plan begins to fall apart.
All the same, I didn’t want to get Dwargon or Blumund involved in this. I
just wanted people there to be on our side, so to speak. Really, if it wasn’t for
the Western Holy Church’s involvement, I would’ve had both countries
conduct some large-scale battle exercises or something to keep Farmus in
Page|112
Goldenagato|  check. With the Church backing them up now, I couldn’t get those nations
involved for no reason.
In a war, each side has certain advantages and disadvantages, but each
battle is also a test to see how long each side can hold out. If Farmus didn’t
fall back under threat and continued with their military activity, it’d involve
Dwargon, Blumund, and the Western Holy Church, turning the whole thing
irreversibly into a major war. If the Church declared our allies and us to be
their enemies and spread the word across the entire world, I couldn’t deny
that it’d be a world war for all of us. That’s exactly what Clayman would
want; he’d naturally use the chaos to carry out some nefarious secret plan of
his.
Even if it was Milim against Carillon, I had no way of stopping it. If only
my own nation wasn’t in so much trouble… Although, that’s thanks to
Clayman, too. Throwing me into confusion, mixing things up… I suppose I’ll
just have to trust in Milim and put my own priorities first.
It all made me realize, for the first time, that between what Milim and
Mjurran told me, this demon lord Clayman was one dangerous enemy. It was
a hunch, but it seemed to be a correct one. Mjurran told me that Gelmud was
one of Clayman’s other agents, too—unlike what Milim said, she claimed
that he was being fully controlled by the demon lord. Any of the other demon
lords who worked with Clayman on that endeavor were being tricked. He had
a knack for moving his pawns to the right place at the right time and never
leaving any evidence behind. I couldn’t say how strong he actually was, but
he was definitely a master at maneuvering under cover.
Mjurran also suspected that Clayman was behind the battle between
Milim and Carillon…but I didn’t have any evidence of that. Someone as, um,
straightforward-thinking as Milim could be easily goaded into something like
that, it’s true…but between his misleading words, the careful way he never
revealed his true intentions, and the slyness it took to break promises without
a second thought, all signs showed that Clayman was a demon lord who
could never be trusted.
And if you go even further down this rabbit hole—the Great Sage
suggested that Clayman might have planned to leave that communication
crystal in the cave the whole time. You know, just to make me think I
outfoxed him and call for reinforcements from my allies. It wasn’t an
unthinkable scenario, so I filed it away in my mind.
Page|113
Goldenagato|  With Mjurran’s story all told, I now knew how we all wound up where we
were. Her heart wasn’t given back, of course; she was seen entirely as a
throwaway piece—a mere pawn.
Whether I would forgive her or not was another question.
“Look,” Yohm said, “I know you’re angry and everything, but I really
hope you can let Mjurran off the hook for this!”
“I have the same request,” Gruecith added, eyes pleading with me.
“There’s just no way she could defy Clayman, that’s all!”
Turning them down would make me look a bit like a villain, wouldn’t it?
Now what do I do?
“I’ll think about your fate once all this is over. For now, I just want you to
stay in your room. Don’t think about escaping.”
“All right—”
“Rimuru…”
“Sorry, Yohm. My mind’s all mixed up right now, too. If you’re worried,
you can always stay with your men in their rooms.”
So I saved the question for later and ordered Yohm and his band to remain
in their own quarters, asking Rigurd to appoint guards to watch them. I
doubted they were going to betray me at this point, but you could never be
too careful. I was doing this in part because, if they did try something funny,
that would seal Mjurran’s fate for good. Yohm, realizing this, agreed to the
order and returned to his quarters.
After all that briefing and interviewing, I went back outside. The visitors
from Blumund were milling around, waiting for me.
“We’re ready to go, Sir Rimuru, but what should we do, exactly?”
I had them outfitted with all the extra wagons we had in town, so they
finished up quicker than I thought. I nodded at them and guided them a little
ways outside of town, all one hundred or so of them following me in orderly
fashion.
“I wanted to provide guards for them,” a repentant-sounding Benimaru
said, “but none of us can get past this barrier…”
Page|114
Goldenagato|  “Not a problem. Now’s not the time to be stingy with my magic. It’s
gonna take a lot of energy, but I’ll figure it out.”
So I left my monster cohorts within the barrier and guided the human
visitors past it.
“We will hurry back home as quickly as we possibly can, Sir Rimuru.”
I raised a hand in response. “Before that, Mjöllmile… Can I have
everybody here promise to keep what I’m about to do a secret?”
“Hmm?” Mjöllmile raised an eyebrow, already well aware of the kind of
nonsense I occasionally pull off (much to my chagrin). “What are you
planning to do this time…?”
“This time? You’re always expecting the worst from me, aren’t you?”
“Ha-ha-ha! No, no, you’ve provided me with so much, Sir Rimuru!”
“Heh. You said it.”
Mjöllmile and I slapped each other on the shoulder.
“I hope you will keep yourself safe.”
“Ah, I’ll be fine. I’m not a fan of fighting battles I can’t win.”
Then I activated Spatial Motion, deploying it across a wide swath of land.
Everyone looked on in shock. Benimaru and Geld watched from within the
barrier, both surprised and exasperated.
“The outskirts of Blumund’s about the best I can do for you all. It won’t
last long, so hurry up and hop in there.”
The visitors nodded at me, faces still frozen in disbelief, as they filed on
ahead. None of them asked any more questions, which I appreciated. Magic
exists in this world—everyone knows that—so it takes more than a little pixie
dust to really alarm these guys.
I made them promise to spread the word and provide as much support for
our cause as they could. But would it have much effect? We were already at
war. We couldn’t make any really brash moves—not against the Western
Holy Church. They’d have to provide military support if I asked for it, as our
pacts with them stipulated… But I didn’t want that, and there wasn’t much
else they could do as a nation, I don’t think.
Better not expect much…and there’s no need to, really. This was our
nation’s problem, and I intended to make the Kingdom of Farmus pay amply
for it—by my own hand. If I didn’t, I knew, I’d never have a chance to make
up for the anguish all those dead felt.
Page|115
Goldenagato|  I watched our visitors go as I mentally pored over my situation. I had been
delayed a bit longer than I thought, but now I decided to help out Shuna with
the wounded. Rigurd mentioned an errand or something he wanted done, but
I figured he could handle that without me.
Heading over to the building that served as our hospital, I found two
people laid up in beds, Shuna providing nursing care and Kurobe helping her
out.
“How are they looking?”
“Oh, Sir Rimuru!”
“Sir Rimuru, I don’t know what I can say to you…”
Shuna looked tired, and Kurobe was a lot more hesitant than usual. I told
them to relax a bit as I examined the patients. These were Hakuro and Gobta,
both sporting large and bloodied wounds.
“Whoa, these are some serious slash wounds! Why don’t we just use
these…”
I whipped some potion out of my pocket and sprinkled it on both of them.
Nothing in particular happened in the healing department.
“I apologize,” Rigurd said, lowering his head. “We have already made the
attempt. I’m afraid we will have to rely on Shuna’s care…”
As leader of our nation, I had to decide on our future direction. I was also
responsible for handling the remaining resident visitors from other countries.
That’s why Rigurd didn’t want to worry me further.
Hakuro, despite looking like he stepped off a horror movie set, still gave
me a smile. “Nh… Do not concern yourself about me, Sir Rimuru. I am fine.
This injury was likely brought about by a skill invoked by the attackers. In
time, the skill’s effects will fade, and I will heal up then. Gobta is a well-
trained apprentice of mine; he won’t die like a dog over something like this.”
I should’ve expected nothing less from him. It almost made me cry, but I
held it back and returned the smile. No way the master of all these monsters
could show tears to anyone.
“Ha-ha! Well, glad to see your spirits are high, at least. Let me see this
wound. Maybe I can do something about it.”
I checked over his body.
“Sir Rimuru,” Shuna said, “the wound is caused by an air-type attack. We
Page|116
Goldenagato|  need to keep him stable and full of stamina until it heals naturally over time.”
She had already used her Parser skill to figure out what was up with him. I
was of the same opinion as her; it sounded like the right thing.
Air type, though? That sounded like something I might be able to harness
for myself. I’ve already analyzed a high-level spirit. Let’s see if this works…
Understood. The effects of the air element have been confirmed.
Use Glutton to acquire this effect?
Yes
No
The Great Sage followed through more than I expected. I thought YES and
sprinkled some more potion on Hakuro’s wound.
“Oh… Ohhh! Amazing, Sir Rimuru…”
I left Hakuro to marvel by himself as I attended to Gobta.
“I should have known,” Shuna said with a light smile—one with just a
twinge of gloominess to it. A sort of hmm? level of doubt. And that reminded
me…
…Or it would have if Gobta didn’t choose that moment to leap right out
of bed.
“Gobzo! You all right?!”
“Hey! Gobta!”
It took Rigurd yelling at him to make him realize where he was. He
blinked once or twice.
“Oh wow, so…am I good?”
I scoped him out as I decided to ask Shuna about the thing that bothered
me just now. Someone I expected to be here with her wasn’t present. If she
was, I’m sure she would’ve been carrying on about me to no end.
“Hey, where’s Shion, by the way? I haven’t seen her lately…”
The question made everybody in the room—Rigurd, Shuna, Benimaru,
even Hakuro—freeze. What’s with that reaction? Whoa, whoa, there’s no
way…
“Don’t tell me,” I said, “that idiot’s gone to get revenge all by herself?”
“Oh man!” Gobta nodded warily at me. “And maybe Gobzo, too? He’s so
absentminded; he’s probably running full-speed without realizing how badly
Page|117
Goldenagato|  outmatched he is…”
“N-no, it’s not that… Um…”
Huh? This was getting weird. Nobody was looking me in the eye.
“Okay, so where’d she go?”
No answer. I looked up to find Shuna turning her face away from me,
eyes growing watery. I had a bad feeling. Gobta looked just as concerned. No
way, I said to myself. That could never happen.
“…All right. I’m not going to be angry, so can you tell me where she
is…?”
“…Very well,” Benimaru finally replied. “Over here. Follow me.”
I nodded, and we began to move…
Our destination was the central plaza.
And there she was, lying right in the middle of the neatly made rows.
There was a white cloth covering her, ensuring she wouldn’t be easily spotted
—by me or anyone else. Ha-ha. As if I’d just never wonder about where she
went… It wasn’t funny.
Open your eyes—
I couldn’t believe it.
Open your eyes for me—
I didn’t want to believe it. Why? Why did it turn out like this…?
Next to me, I could hear Gobta sobbing and shouting,
“Gobzooooooooo?!” as loudly as he could. I paid him no mind as my ears
turned toward the voice providing what sounded like a faraway explanation.
Shion had been protecting a child targeted by one of the attackers.
With her own body, weakened by the plummeting magicule level.
She couldn’t move, and then an attacker came…
Gobzo had been trying to protect Lady Shuna.
He didn’t have anywhere near the strength for the job.
The attacker just laughed at him as he swung…
Page|118
Goldenagato|  The words were meant for me, but I didn’t want to hear them. Each
syllable gouged its way into my brain. Open your eyes, Shion… I wanted to
cry, but I couldn’t. My heart felt like it was going to burst, but this body
didn’t feel any need to shed tears.
Yeah, I thought. I guess I really am a monster. Somehow, it seemed so
incredibly convincing now.
“I’m sorry. Leave me alone for a little while…”
Silence enveloped the plaza. I could feel everyone edging away from me.
Shuna was the only one to give me a tearful hug before she joined them
alongside Gobta, Hakuro placing a hand around his shoulders. Sorry, Gobta. I
know you just want to say good-bye to Gobzo, but…
…Yeah. I wanted to be alone. I no longer had a grip on myself. I felt like I
was going insane, but my mind was sharp as a tack. There were tempestuous
levels of sadness, regret, and anger, all crashing against one another in a mad
contest to find an exit.
—Why did all of this happen?
Report. Cannot calculate, comprehend, or reply.
—What would’ve been the right thing to do?
Report. Cannot calculate, comprehend, or reply.
—Was getting involved with human beings a mistake?
Report. Cannot calculate, comprehend, or reply.
—Come on… Was I wrong?
Report. Cannot calculate, comprehend, or reply.
Page|119
Goldenagato|  That’s right. Even with the untold powers of the Great Sage, there were
some problems that just didn’t have an answer.
—Goddamn it. If this wasn’t our town… If it wasn’t our town, I could’ve
just flown into a rage, mowing down everything in my path. Goddamn it all.
Taking so many people dear to me…
Looking back, this was the first time I was there to see someone close to
me die. I had never gone through a loss like that, and now I understood the
sadness involved. I felt it vividly, with a pain more intense than being slashed
ear to ear. Cancel Pain wasn’t cutting it for this one—not against the all-too-
strong currents of magic and emotion within me.
It was maybe too much for my new mask. A crack appeared on it, almost
looking like a tear of sadness. I couldn’t cry, so it seemed like the mask was
weeping for me.
Somewhere down the line, night fell. I gazed at the moon.
What should I do?
There was no answer. My mind was clear, but I couldn’t come up with a
single thought. I looked up at the moon and kept asking myself, over and
over, for an eternity. Even though I knew there was no way to find an answer.
But I couldn’t stop. It was so foolish, but I couldn’t stop.
And I never noticed the small light, the reflection from the moon, that was
upon me.
Three days passed. Shion didn’t wake up. She’s sleeping in way too late. I
wish she’d knock that off.
…………
No, I know. I understood that she’d never open those eyes again. But I
didn’t want to admit it. I wanted her back to her usual stupid antics, making
her terrible meals. Gobzo, too. I didn’t know him well. We exchanged a few
words on the way to the Dwarven Kingdom. But Gobta loved him as a valued
sentry. He was his friend.
All the monsters who lay here had valuable relationships in their lives. No
Page|120
Goldenagato|  —it wasn’t like these monsters lacked any kinds of feelings. They were my
most cherished companions. My family. I wanted to enjoy life with them
again…but it just wasn’t going to happen.
There’s no way to resurrect the dead.
What do we do?
Do monsters not count as people? Does that mean we’ll be forced into
subjugation without a passing thought as to our own feelings?
—That better mean they’re prepared to be subjugated, too.
Dark emotions began to get the better of me.
And just then:
Report. Analysis and Assessment of the compound barrier and
Great Magic: Anti-Magic Area covering it is completed. Removing the
compound barrier will be difficult, but the great magic can be
canceled. Execute?
Yes
No
No, we don’t need to yet.
The Great Sage must’ve just wrapped up that request for me. As it did, I
realized that Thought Communication messages had been coming in through
the Sticky Steel Thread wrapped around my neck for a while now. I had been
contacted almost constantly for the past three days. I made Soei worry for
me, which I regretted.
“…Sorry. I didn’t notice.”
“Ah…! You are safe? I am so relieved.”
It was clear from Soei’s tone of voice. It also made me realize that
everyone else must have been just as worried. I could whine and plead to
myself later. We had a time limit, and I had things to do.
So I asked Soei how things were. Our enemies had set up battle
encampments in the four cardinal directions around town, each one holding a
company’s worth of knights. The magical machinations protecting each one
were apparently projecting the same type of barrier that had weakened our
Page|121
Goldenagato|  townspeople. Sadly, the power of Soei and his team alone wouldn’t be
enough to take down even one of these camps. He had also detected
transportation magic at work; if we wasted time, they might call for
reinforcements.
“All right. Don’t stretch yourself too thin. Join up with Gabil and rest.”
“But…”
“That’s an order. Rest.”
“…Yes, my lord.”
I wasn’t accepting any other reply. I couldn’t make Soei’s team do
something reckless and get them killed as a result. I just couldn’t.
So, about that barrier.
Simply canceling out the magic wouldn’t do anything for us. What I really
wanted to do was address the weakening effect it had somehow. Being a
“compound barrier” or whatever it was made it a much thornier issue than I
had expected.
But that could wait. What about the other search I had going?
Report. No search results found. Failed to find any magic related to
complete resurrection of the dead.
…Ah. No, I suppose not. Nothing that  handy can be found too easily. It
makes sense. You never know for sure, though, until you check. As pointless
as I thought it was, as useless a struggle as it must have looked, I couldn’t
stop myself.
Shion didn’t open her eyes. Neither did Gobzo nor the rest of them. Of
course they wouldn’t. They weren’t sleeping.
But I still put all my skills in motion to find some kind of measure I could
take. All the bodies here, Shion’s included, were being preserved by my
magical force—to keep them from decomposing, from reverting back into
piles of magicules and disappearing. I knew it was pointless, but I was still
betting on the possibility.
But nothing.
There were no resurrection spells in the magic books I scanned through
Page|122
Goldenagato|  back at that library. I guess there wouldn’t be. I had to stop grieving like this.
Let’s just give them the rest they deserve in my body, as I pray they’ll wake
up someday.
With that decided, I prepared to absorb them all—and that’s when my
Magic Sense told me about several figures approaching.
It was the trio of Kabal and his friends. It made sense. With the order I gave,
it’d have to be someone from out of town if anyone was coming near me
right now. I guess they had been traveling night and day on the wagon I gave
them to come here.
“…I’m sorry we’re late, boss.”
“Rimuru, um, I gotta admit I really don’t know what to say here…”
Kabal and Gido no doubt wanted to say, Hang on, you’ll get over this, that
kind of thing. Elen stopped them before they could.
“Rimuru, I… I can’t say this has much of a chance of succeeding…or,
like, any , really…but there are several fairy tales about coming back from the
dead…”
Now was no time to be depressed. The statement made all the diverging
thought processes in my mind snap back into place.
“Can you tell me more about them, Elen?”
I turned toward her. If there was any chance, I wasn’t about to refrain
from betting on it. She nodded and began to speak.
………
……
…
A story about a girl and her pet dragon.
Through assorted events, the girl’s dragon was killed. She grieved over
the loss of her only friend, and with her head full of anger, she destroyed the
country that had carried out the killing—along with several hundred thousand
people who lived there.
The girl evolved into a demon lord, and then a miracle occurred—the
dragon connected to the girl evolved right alongside her, regardless of its
death. But that was the end of the miracle. The dragon had lost its soul at the
moment it died, and as a result, it revived in the form of a chaos dragon. It
Page|123
Goldenagato|  still followed its master’s orders but now brought nothing but death and
destruction to everyone else.
Thus, no longer driven by anger, the demon lord shed tears for her pet, her
best friend, as she sealed away the chaos dragon herself. That’s where the
story ends.
Elen’s story was a fairy tale, but it had a suspicious amount of detail to it.
There were also stories about vampires using a spell called Bloodraise, as
well as necromancers using Raise Dead on the dead to make them their
servants. The Great Sage picked up on those, too, but it wasn’t what I was
looking for. It changed the target too much, making them into a different
person from when they were alive.
In the realm of holy magic, there was something called Resurrection, the
so-called miracle of the gods…but there were tons of restrictions on it. It was
no panacea. And what’s more, all these magics (except for Bloodraise, which
was species specific) were treated as “forbidden spells,” passed on strictly
orally and never written into a book.
But that didn’t matter. The issue was that “evolve” thing. Monsters
evolved all the time here, for reasons that were beyond me. Just giving them
a name was a huge deal to them. Maybe there was some potential there?
Maybe if I could just become a demon lord myself…
…just as that girl’s pet evolved and revived itself…
But I didn’t want creepy, soulless minions on my hands. And not even the
Great Sage could use its analysis tools to determine whether their souls were
still there or not.
But…hang on? Right now, this town was completely covered by a barrier
that no monsters can go through. Maybe that’s keeping their souls in here,
too, preventing them from flying to the four winds.
Understood. The chances of the souls of the individual Shion and
the rest of the monsters being preserved within this space is…3.14
percent.
Page|124
Goldenagato|  Whoa! It’s pi!
Well, okay, maybe not quite. It felt like a low number to me, but I had to
think about it the other way around. It needed to feel like a big one. I mean,
over a 3 percent chance of literally being able to resurrect someone. Plus,
there’s no way someone as tenacious as Shion or as dopey as Gobzo could
die. I couldn’t let it happen. They had to be doggedly clinging to this world,
waiting for my help.
Now I had some hope. Next, I just had to carry it out. Of course, that
assumed I could even become a demon lord, of course…
Understood. You currently satisfy the requirements for evolving into
the demon lord type. In order to carry out evolution into a “true demon
lord,” the process must be nourished with the sacrifices of at least ten
thousand humans.
Oh, that’s it? Well, easy, then. Demon lord? Oh, I’m totally becoming a
demon lord. Way simpler process than I thought. Hopefully all those garbage
troops around the outskirts of town number at least ten thousand. But hell, if
there aren’t enough, I’ll just add some more. If it brings Shion and everyone
else back, I have absolutely no reason to waver.
Then I came back to my senses.
“Thanks for telling me about that, Elen. Are you sure about what you’re
saying, though? I mean, you’re basically telling me to become a demon lord.”
I looked at her. She stared down at the ground silently, but just for a
moment as she made up her mind. She returned my gaze, face resolute.
“Well, you know, I come from the Sorcerous Dynasty of Thalion, and…
You know, I really looked up to adventurers and the freedom they had. But
you know what? I’m done. I want to help out Shion, too, besides. I can’t let
Farmus and the Western Holy Church get away with what they’ve done. I
hate people who think monsters are evil just because they’re monsters. I
know that telling you about this isn’t something I can ever go back on,
buuut… I don’t know. It’s just terrible, I think, leaving things like this.”
And with that, she went on to explain that continuing to be adventurers
would put undue strain on the Free Guild, so she wanted to change her band’s
Page|125
Goldenagato|  “home” to our nation. Live here, even, if possible.
Elen’s real name was Ellwyn, apparently, and she came from a noble
family in Thalion. After being trained at the royal academy, she left the
country in search of an adventuring career.
The confession made Kabal shake his head silently and Gido turn upward
toward the sky, eyes closed. “Ah well,” Kabal said. “If that’s what the lady
wants, you’ll see no complaints from me as her bodyguard.”
“Me neither. Guess it’ll be ‘Lady Elen’ from now on, huh?”
The other two, it turned out, weren’t exactly standard adventurers, either.
Upon further questioning, Kabal and Gido revealed that they had followed
Elen out of Thalion to serve as her personal guards. They were also good
friends, obviously, given how they trusted her without question just now.
Talk about a great trio. I was a little jealous of them.
“So, um, probably, when you become a demon lord, Rimuru, it’s gonna be
totally obvious pretty quickly that I tipped you off. Thalion’s spy agency
already knows that I’m involved with you, so it won’t take long for them to
connect the dots. So…you know. Until then, I want to help you out as much
as I can here. I want to see how it all works out in the end.”
She knew she wouldn’t be living a life of adventuring freedom for much
longer. And she wanted to spend that last bit of freedom here.
All three of them looked at me, faces stern. If I allowed them to live here,
it might force me to tangle with Thalion in the future. I didn’t know what
kind of impact their reaction would have on us, but they couldn’t just ignore
one of their nobility in the custody of a foreign nation. It didn’t seem like she
was in any real danger, though, and all she wanted right now was to be
around for this battle… I wasn’t exactly sure what I thought about it, but it
was a question we could safely save for later.
“All right. Well, let’s leave that for the future. I’d kind of like to avoid
making any more enemies than I need to…”
“Oh? Aw, but it’s all right if I stick around long enough to see if you can
save Shion, isn’t it?”
“All right. You’re the one who tipped me off. You can stick around until
it’s over. But you realize that my becoming a demon lord might change me. I
may even wind up attacking you guys. I can’t take responsibility for it if I do,
but are you okay with that?”
“Hmm… I wouldn’t like that too much, no, but a little too late to worry
Page|126
Goldenagato|  about that now! I’ll just have to believe in you, Rimuru!”
“Whoa! Is that  how much we’re involved now? Hoo boy. A little too late,
indeed!”
“That’s right, Gido. A little too late for that. That’s Lady Elen for you,
isn’t it? It’s always like this with her.”
The two bodyguards sighed. It didn’t seem to harm their loyalty at all,
though.
Thanks to all this, I finally had a plan. I could save Shion, and Gobzo, and
all the rest! And if it meant becoming a demon lord, then I was all in. The
enemy forces were attacking in four days. I had a firm grasp of the situation.
Now it was time to take action.
With the decision made, things could proceed faster now.
Step one was keeping all these monsters’ souls from dissipating. For that,
I adjusted the great magic I’d acquired with Analyze and Assess and used it
to strengthen the barrier around town. It wasn’t clear exactly how much
longer Mjurran’s magic would last, and I was afraid it’d flip off like a light
switch and send their souls flying. It cost me a surprisingly vast among of
magicules, but it was nothing I couldn’t deal with now.
If anything, compared to the utter despair up until yesterday, I was
practically elated. Good thing I thought to analyze that barrier, even though I
didn’t see much of a point. That connected everything together really well,
opening up our big chance to get Shion and the rest back.
My casting that great magic sent Benimaru and the others running toward
me in shock, of course.
“Sir Rimuru, what have you…?”
“Benimaru, get everybody together here! I’m gonna hold a conference to
outline our future plans!”
“Wha…?! Yes, my lord!”
They ran right back off, my orders putting a spring in their step.
“Elen, Kabal, Gido… I’m sorry I made you guys worry. I’m a lot better
now.”
“Rimuru…”
I smiled at Elen as I placed my cracked mask back in my pocket. The
Page|127
Goldenagato|  show seemed to relieve them a little, too.
“If there’s anything we can do to help,” Elen said, “just say it!”
“Heh-heh! Yeah, you’ve been a big help to us. Now it’s our turn to step
up!”
“You said it, Kabal!”
It made me happy, hearing that. I appreciated it, but I didn’t want the trio
actively participating in the war for me. I’d have them explain the situation
one more time at the conference, though. I wanted all of us, not just me,
working together.
“All right,” I said before leaving them. “Would you guys mind joining me
in the conference, then? I’ve got something to handle in the meantime.”
I then walked directly toward the quarters being used by Yohm and his
team. Yohm looked flustered to see me as I walked in the door.
“R-Rimuru?!”
“I’ve decided upon Mjurran’s punishment, Yohm. Where is she?”
“Um, resting upstairs, but…”
The word punishment  disquieted him even further. I felt bad about it, but
what I had in mind just wasn’t something I could tell him. Not yet.
The moment I was up the stairs, I faced Mjurran and spoke.
“Mjurran, you’re going to die for me.”
“Hey?!” I heard Yohm yelp. I ignored him. Mjurran looked at me, eyes
full of surprise, but gave me a resigned nod. She was prepared for this
eventuality.
“Sir Rimuru, that—”
Gruecith tried to cut me off, but I wasn’t about to let him. Then Yohm
stood between her and me.
“Well, I’m sorry, pal, but I’m here to protect her!”
He knew he had no chance at all, but he still tried to resist me. He’s such a
nice guy that way. I mean it.
So I bound both him and Gruecith in Sticky Steel Thread.
“Rimuru, please!!”
Mjurran gave them a light smile. “I loved you, Yohm. You’re the first
person I’ve fallen for in all my life. If there’s such a thing as reincarnation, I
hope I can live together with you in my next life, so… Good-bye, then. Try
Page|128
Goldenagato|  not to fall for a bad woman next time, all right?”
Another smile, and then she closed her eyes. I love that resolve. You don’t
see women as good as her too often. To be honest, this act was making me
feel tremendously guilty… But hey.
So, without hesitation, I plunged my hand right through Mjurran’s chest in
a chopping motion. Her head lurched forward, powerless, as Yohm and
Gruecith screamed their heads off. Then—with a look of utter confusion and
puzzlement on her face—she opened her eyes again.
“Um… I’m not dying. That didn’t even hurt.”
Well, yeah. I know I said she’d die for me, but I wasn’t planning on
killing her. You hear stories about people dying and coming back to life all
the time, don’t you? I had a bunch of people I needed alive again, Shion
included, and I figured I’d try my luck at padding the probabilities a little
here.
“Oh, um, yeah. You were dead, for maybe, oh, three seconds?”
“…Huh?”
“Wha—?”
“What does that mean?”
Report. The individual Mjurran’s “pseudo-heart” has begun regular
operation.
Nice. Came off without a hitch. With the Sage’s confirmation, I removed
my hand from Mjurran’s chest.
“Well, the operation’s a success, I guess, so let me explain what I did.
You don’t have to look at me like that , guys. Have a seat and kick back if you
want.”
“Whoa, pal, what kinda crazy talk are you giving me?”
“There better be a good explanation for this,” Gruecith grumbled. Look at
them! Crying just a moment ago and now whining and complaining. Mjurran,
meanwhile, was just as calm as always.
“Shut up, guys! Mjurran’s gonna laugh at you if you keep carrying on like
that. So the deal is, the temporary heart inside Mjurran was being used so
Clayman could listen in on her. It’s a form of encrypted communication that
runs on electric signals and natural magnetism, so it doesn’t use up any
Page|129
Goldenagato|  magicules at all.”
In essence, alongside providing a pulse and electrical signals for the body,
her heart also emitted encrypted signals that ran across the Earth and made it
all the way to Clayman. He was forcing her to file detailed reports with him
anyway, just to make sure she never noticed.
It was an underhanded trick worthy of a demon lord. Those rumors about
how he treated his staff were true. But you had to hand it to him, too. If he
was pulling something similar with all his people, that’s a vast amount of
encoded information he was receiving and unraveling in his head. No wonder
they called him the Marionette Master. It’s that huge network of data he
collected that served as the invisible “strings” on his puppets.
Funny coincidence that I managed to notice that. Or maybe not so much
actually. You could call it proof that Shion’s still helping me out. When I cast
that great magic to prevent all those souls from fading out, the Great Sage
discovered an all-electronic signal that the barrier reacted to. It was easy for it
to decipher the coded message, so I figured I could just use that device to fool
Clayman into thinking I killed Mjurran.
“…And so it was all just a prank on my part! Sorry!”
“Just a prank?! Goddamn, pal!!”
“Whoa, Yohm! It wasn’t something he could deal with that  easily! I
mean, that’s the whole secret behind the demon lord Clayman’s power!
Something nobody else knows about!”
And now they’re carrying on again. What a pain.
“But let’s not sweat the details, all right, guys? …So! Mjurran! Guess
there is such a thing as reincarnation, huh?”
“…What?”
It was at that moment that Mjurran finally realized the curse upon her life
had been lifted.
“You’re a free woman now, Mjurran. Well, sort of. Before that, I have
one favor to ask.”
She turned toward me, still not fully cognizant of what was going on.
“Say anything. If you wish me to swear my loyalty, I will, gladly.”
“Nah, that’s fine. Actually, it turns out there’s a possibility that we can
resurrect Shion and all the others—just like how you died and came back,
you see? And I want you to help me pull that off.”
“Huh?”
Page|130
Goldenagato|  “Resurrect?”
“How?” Gruecith asked. “Raising the dead isn’t even possible for high-
level magic-born like me.”
“It’s just a hypothetical for now. But I’m gonna make it happen.”
Yep. Just a chance. But I couldn’t ever allow myself to mess it up. I’d do
everything I could to boost my chances, and to do that, I needed Mjurran.
“But,” I said, “if I do pull that off, what’ll you do after that?”
“Well… I may be free, but if I’m limited to an all-too-short human life
from now on…maybe I don’t mind being a little confined after all.”
She gave Yohm a look that made him blush in the most darling fashion.
Her own cheeks reddened a bit. I had to feel bad for Gruecith, though. He had
been turned down, pure and simple.
“C’mon, cheer up!”
“Don’t give me that smile of yours!” he protested. “Besides, Yohm’s
human, so he’ll live maybe  a hundred years. After that, it’s my turn!”
“What the hell’re you talking about? Was that the dirty kinda crap you
were thinking of, you deranged wolf man?!”
“Shut up! If you don’t like it, just try to outlive me!”
“You dog turd! You can howl all ya want, but would your master Carillon
even allow that?!”
“Ha! Lord Carillon’s a generous leader. He’s asked me to broaden my
horizons here. My loyalties are with him, but it’s not like I’m forced to stay
in the Beast Kingdom, y’know!”
“How is something like that okay?!”
“Shut up!”
“…Actually, I take back what I said. I just lost my head for a moment
there.”
“Oh, come on, Mjurran!”
It was a pretty chaotic scene, but it did make the smile return to my face a
little, too. I’d offer more of a celebration if it was any other time, but right
now wasn’t it. I braced myself and returned to my other main priority.
“By the way, Yohm, I’ve got a favor to ask of you, too…”
“Say it! I’ll do whatever you want, pal!”
Good. I figured he’d say that. I was kind of counting on it, and that was
why I helped out Mjurran. I wasn’t usually as calculating as this, but ah well.
I couldn’t afford to make any mistakes here. So:
Page|131
Goldenagato|  “I need you to be a king for me.”
Yohm gave the offhand remark a puzzled look as I explained.
Basically, it was like this: We were going to kill the entire army attacking
us. That was a must, and I wasn’t going to compromise on that. That led to
the next question—what to do with Farmus. Should we kill all the people in
that country? No, there was no reason for that. I mean, I wouldn’t hesitate to
if I didn’t have enough sacrifices to become a demon lord yet, but let’s just
concentrate on their military first.
Soei had reported that their total number likely did exceed ten thousand.
That, honestly, was a huge relief. Kind of funny to be thanking the enemy for
providing such a huge force. If it was a given that we’d kill ’em all, there was
no reason to go easy on them. That made things simpler for me. I didn’t want
to hurt any civilians, as much as I could, so having a nice big crowd of career
soldiers to work with served my needs well.
So what would happen once this army was annihilated and I was a demon
lord? That was the problem. If Farmus kept attacking me, I would have to kill
them, but if possible, I would like to arrange an armistice somewhere along
the line. Everyone in the Kingdom of Farmus’s executive levels of
government would die, though. They had to take responsibility. Of course,
that meant the central core of government would be wiped out—and that’d
put the people in a bind.
“You see? And that’s where you come in.”
I gave Yohm a domineering look. His role, in essence, would be to clean
up the rotten government. I’d kill anyone who came out of the country, and
he’d take care of the garbage left inside it. He’d also lead the people and take
on a role as the new king—and then we’d build formal relations with each
other.
“Heh. You make it sound so easy. I mean, me, a king?”
“It is easy. I mean, hell, I’m a king. You oughtta try it out, too.”
King, demon lord, same thing.
“Yohm, Sir…Rimuru believes you can do it. I promise you’ll have my
full backup, so why don’t you inject a little excitement in your life?”
Mjurran apparently wasn’t a fan of boring men. Her words pushed Yohm
forward.
“I’ll help out, too, Yohm.”
“Uh, weren’t you busy waiting for me to die a moment ago, Gruecith?”
Page|132
Goldenagato|  “Ha-ha! What’re you talkin’ about? Like I said, just outlive me and you’ll
be fine.”
“Pfft. All right. You got me. I’m signin’ on to this thing!”
He nodded firmly at me as we shook hands over it. Something told me we
were gonna get along just fine.
We could work out the details once this was all over. First, I had to
become a demon lord. I had to get Shion and the others back alive. When a
life’s lost, it never comes back, but they weren’t lost yet. There was a chance.
I’m an atheist. I don’t think there’s a God, or a god, out there. Right now,
though, I was willing to pray. Pray to the figure that controlled all miracles.
Before, I’d probably laugh at senseless stuff like that. And maybe it was
senseless. But, you know, while I’m praying, I feel like I can believe in it. I
can believe that Shion is all right.
That glint of moonlight illuminated me, flickering faintly in seeming
approval of my prayer.
Page|133
Goldenagato|  Page|134
Goldenagato|  Page|135
Goldenagato|  CHAPTER 4
THE BIRTH OF A DEMON LORD
I headed for the meeting hall, Yohm in tow, once I heard that all my people
had quickly gathered there.
As I stepped inside, the entire Tempest government currently in town was
waiting for me, strained looks on their faces. Gabil and Soei were still on
standby in the cave, but Soei was connected to me via the Sticky Steel Thread
trick, and I figured he was monitoring the audio.
“Sorry I left you guys in the lurch for so long. We’re here to convene a
meeting over resurrecting Shion, Gobzo, and everybody else!”
The declaration made the hall stir. They were happy to see me back to my
old charismatic self, and now they had hope that there was something to be
done. It kindled a flame in each of their eyes. Not one of them expressed a
single doubt. Shion and Gobzo were coming back, and it was time to move.
“Now, before I give you my own ideas, I would like to hear your opinions
about the Kingdom of Farmus and about humans in general.”
I received a great deal of feedback very quickly. The majority of them
were in agreement with me on one key point: There would be no forgiveness
for the humans who had played that cowardly trick on us. They were right to
feel that way, no doubt about it. Some of them, however, also said not to treat
all humans the same, that there were a lot of good ones out there as well. I
was happy to hear that. All this anger, fear, and hatred threatened to drive us
away from the goal we needed to seek.
Even after all of this, they still faithfully adhered to the advice I had for
them. These monsters considered very seriously the idea of living alongside
mankind. I had to love these guys for it. They were precious to me, like
Page|136
Goldenagato|  family. I never really loved anyone before, so putting it that way sounds kind
of fakey to me still, but…
I waited for everyone to settle back down before I continued.
“Right. Listen to me, all of you.”
I felt all eyes upon me as I began.
“I myself am a former human being. I was reincarnated, as it were.”
This caused a little commotion, but nobody spoke up. Shuna, Ranga, and
probably Shion already knew, I believed. I didn’t take great pains to hide it,
and I think I might’ve even mentioned it offhand to them at some point.
Judging by the looks of surprise on many of my audience’s faces, though,
word must not have gotten around.
“I lived as a human in the same world that the so-called otherworlders
come from. I died over there, and then I was reborn here as a slime. It was
pretty lonely at first and desolate, but even someone like me managed to
make friends here. By ‘friends,’ I mean you. It’s possible that all of you
became closer to human with your evolutions because of my own hopes, for
all I know.”
I paused to gauge the response. Everyone was intently listening to me,
nobody expressing any doubts. I kept going.
“I created that rule not to attack humans for that reason. I said I liked
humans because I used to be one. And let me assure you, it was not my hope
that my rule would cause any of you injury. I’m a monster, but I thought that
my heart was still human. I wanted to interact with them, and I wound up
spending a really long time in human towns and settlements. If only I could
have saved those children and come back here sooner…”
Then, out of nowhere, I ran out of words. I felt like anything I could say
would just sound like a trite excuse.
“No, you’re wrong. We were too dependent upon you, Sir Rimuru,
assuming you would always be there to protect us. That’s what led to this
tragedy,” said Shuna, her beautiful eyes fixed on me.
“It pains me,” Benimaru added, “to have my sister say it before I could.
This has been an excruciating lesson for all of us, Sir Rimuru. When we lost
our Thought Communication with you, that feeling of invincibility we had
crumbled. It made us all feel helpless, deep in our hearts. We were forced to
realize that this state of affairs was brought about by our…well, really, my
dropping the ball.”
Page|137
Goldenagato|  “Wait a moment, Benimaru,” Rigur replied. “If you put it that way, then I
am responsible for the town’s security. I am the one most at fault!”
It sounded like both Rigur and the rest of them felt an intense
responsibility for this. They all insisted it was their fault, refusing to budge. I
quickly put a stop to it.
“Hang on, people. I was chilling out, I let my guard down, and that’s what
led to this. Plus, as an ex-human, I put too much priority on my own
thoughts. I was careless about my standing in this world, and then this
happened. I think it’s all my fault. I’m sorry.”
Everyone fell silent, each of them taking my words in their own way.
There was a moment’s pause before Hakuro finally responded.
“You may have put your own thoughts first, Sir Rimuru, but that is not a
problem at all. As Sir Benimaru and Lady Shuna stated, all of us dropped the
ball. It was our own weaknesses that caused this. We accepted this nation
from you, and we let those brutes pillage it because of our negligence. Am I
wrong, everyone?”
A streak of tension crossed the room. All of them immediately nodded
their agreement to this. Um. Hmm. Wasn’t expecting that. I was worried that
people would brand me a traitor, in the worst case, but they were all ignoring
my whole coming out as an ex-human. Like, I seemed to be the only one to
care at all. I couldn’t help but ask:
“Well, no, I mean… You don’t mind having an ex-human as your
leader?”
“Huh? You are still you, aren’t you, Sir Rimuru?”
“Sir Rimuru, you are my only master. What you were in your past life
seems not to matter much.”
“Yeah. What we know for sure is that you’re here for us, is all.”
I guess it wasn’t anything like a concern from the start.
“Sir Rimuru,” Rigurd boldly stated, “we all feel the same way about this.
None of us cares a bit, so please, do whatever you like. We will follow you
all the way!”
I nodded. This really was my home. I felt happy. As long as you were all
of one heart, one mind, you could overcome any wall—even the one
separating human from monster. That much was crystal clear now.
Page|138
Goldenagato|  Kaijin, tearing up a bit as he watched this, steered the topic back to our
main issue.
“So let me ask, then: How is Tempest going to deal with humans from
now on?”
The room fell silent, eyes focused upon me again. Yeah. That was the
problem, wasn’t it? The monsters were one thing, but to Kaijin, the other
dwarves, Yohm, and Kabal and gang, this was the biggest issue on the table.
If I declared myself to be the enemy of all mankind, that’d be a threat to
them. I didn’t want that, of course.
“First,” I said, “before I give you my conclusion, let me give you a quick
outline of my thoughts. In my old world, there are a couple of different
beliefs. There’s one that says humans are inherently ‘good’ by nature and
learn how to perform evil deeds as they grow older. Then there’s another that
says humans are selfish and evil by default and learn how to do good over
time. Basically, people can be good or bad, and humans tend to pick the
easier of two options when they have the chance, so if that option leads to
evil, they can become bad that way. Just like Farmus did, abandoning all
negotiation and throwing around their power.”
I figured I was in the right here. After all, people could be good
individually but lean more toward evil when they assembled together as a
nation.
“…However, it would be a mistake to judge all of mankind as evil. It
takes a human to do something as contradictory as working hard to make
things easier for themselves. I was the same way, really. And I think that as
long as you don’t mess up where you’re aiming your efforts at, you can make
your existence a lot better for yourself. That’s why it’s so vital to have an
environment you can learn in—and I want to create that environment. We can
educate those who’ll befriend us, and we’ll do away with the barriers
between people and monsters. That makes for better neighbors, after all,
when you understand and help out one another. Doesn’t it? That’s the
potential I want to believe in…”
That was what I thought about humanity. It wasn’t that I wanted to make
mankind my enemy; I wanted us working hand in hand as a result. But:
“…But that’s just my hope for the future. If we trust in them
unconditionally and run into this kind of situation again, we’re wasting our
time. That’s why I’ve concluded that, for the time being, it’s too early to
Page|139
Goldenagato|  shake hands with humanity. The most important thing right now is to put on a
show of force and make them recognize our presence. We need to build a
position where they can no longer afford to ignore us. As it is, we’re probably
being downplayed, treated as something they can use and exploit. We had
been dealing with nations like Blumund and the Dwarven Kingdom, decent
kingdoms that looked out for us, so we forgot about the darker side of being a
nation. Even if individual people are good, the moment they form a nation,
that’s when they expose their cruel fangs to us. Any nation is basically a
bunch of weak people grouping together to become stronger, so I guess you
can’t avoid that if you want to keep all the decent ones protected. That’s
exactly why we need a show of force for people like that. My ruling this land
as a demon lord will make them realize that trying to coerce us with military
might will accomplish nothing for them. I can keep the other demon lords in
check, too, serving as a shield for the other human nations. If we can make
them think it’s better to be with us than against us, that’s all I could ask for.”
I took a breath and gauged the reaction. Even the normally clownish
Gobta was listening intently instead of napping like he usually did. It was
nice to see what I wanted to say get across to them.
“…If the Western Holy Church has judged us to be evil, then we must be
firm in fighting against that. Not just with force but with words and economic
policies. I want us to act like a mirror for these people—those who bare their
fangs against us will themselves be punished; those who extend a hand will
be amply rewarded for it. And then, over a very long time, we’ll try to build
friendly relationships. That’s how I think about this.”
And with that, I wrapped it up.
Kaijin was the first to react. “I think that’s just too idealistic.” He sighed.
“Like, what kind of guy trying to become a demon lord talks like that ? Come
on. Gotta admit, though, I kinda like it.”
Shuna snickered. “Nothing wrong with being idealistic. I think Sir Rimuru
has what it takes to build that kind of ideal.”
“Indeed,” Geld said, “there is no need to lose ourselves in thought. We
have decided to follow in Sir Rimuru’s footsteps, and thus we can only
believe in him.”
I wasn’t sure I liked that lack of critical thought on his part, but he meant
it with the utmost sincerity.
“If you do manage to become a demon lord”—Benimaru laughed—“I
Page|140
Goldenagato|  hope there is a role for us in it all.”
“I am your faithful shadow, Sir Rimuru,” Soei said—I guess he was
listening in. “There is no need to confirm our relationship. I will move
according to your orders.”
“And I, my master,” Ranga added from my shadow, “am your faithful
fangs. The one who will tear apart any foe who stands in your path.”
They all voiced their agreement in their own ways—Rigurd, Rigur, Gobta,
Hakuro, and everyone else. Yohm, too. “Damn, pal,” he said, scratching his
head. “And you want my crew to build a new nation and turn everyone there
to your side? Well, you don’t need to lay it out for us. I know how your mind
ticks. You’re a real slave driver to all of us, y’know that?”
“I’m so glad we have an understanding, Yohm.”
“Ah, shove it,” he pouted, his lips smiling. Mjurran was on his right,
Gruecith on his left, and the rest of his followers behind him. I saw Kazhil,
his aide, and Rommel, his main staff officer, among them. They were all
humans, and they, too, voiced their agreement in a variety of ways.
“Hee-hee-hee! So let’s keep things friendly between us, okay, Rimuru?”
Everyone nodded at Elen. Her words had weight in my mind. I was
pushing a lot of stupid ideals upon them; I didn’t have any excuse for that. I
lived life the way I wanted to, and I had to take responsibility for my actions.
“Thanks, guys. Hope you’ll still put up with my selfishness in the future!”
They all shouted their agreement, harmonizing like a choir.
With that out of the way, it was time to switch gears and figure out a strategy
against this invasion.
“Um, do we have any details on the enemy force?”
Soei quoted a figure of at least ten thousand men, but I didn’t hear about
what types they were yet. We needed to let the rest of this meeting’s
attendees know, too.
“Yes,” Benimaru stepped up to state. “According to Soei’s
investigations…”
…We were being invaded by a tandem force, with soldiers from both
Farmus and the Western Holy Church. The Church force were the Temple
Knights, the minor leaguers—about three thousand of them, which consisted
Page|141
Goldenagato|  of the garrison that was already stationed in Farmus. In addition to that,
essentially there were ten thousand Farmus knights, six thousand mercenary
troops, and around a thousand magic-users.
So, around twenty thousand in all. Pretty big force. Larger than our
country’s entire population. But if the Church’s Crusader groups and their
legendary strength in battle weren’t part of the equation, I didn’t see any
major problem. The sheer numbers were more than expected, but the only
implication this had was that I’d have a larger sacrifice to snack on. I had no
intention of offering any of them mercy, after all. The real question on my
mind was how many otherworlders were among them.
“How should we allot our own forces?” Geld gingerly asked.
“I think,” Benimaru replied, “my force should address the main enemy
presence.”
He was ready to go, definitely—apparently, he had formed a group of
hobgoblin warriors on the sly, trained by Hakuro and pretty well honed.
Rigur and Gobta were commanding the goblin rider teams, too, and ready to
kick up one hell of a lot of dust. I wasn’t the only one to be enraged by what
happened.
But:
“I’m sorry, guys, but I’m gonna be the one to take down these forces. Or,
I mean, I hope you’ll let me.”
“…How do you mean?” Benimaru asked for the crowd.
My explanation was simple. “It turns out ten thousand sacrifices are all I
really need to become a demon lord. Presumably, I’ll be evolving into a so-
called ‘true demon lord,’ and that’s how the process works. Luckily, we have
double that on our doorstep, so I got more than enough. After that, I just need
to show off my force a bit. It’s part of the whole ceremony, or process,
toward reaching demon lord–hood. I need to annihilate all the invaders by
myself.”
I wasn’t being entirely honest here. There wasn’t any need to go it alone,
according to the Great Sage—as long as the souls were connected to me, no
worries. My own will needed to align with theirs, and that’s all it took. The
exact conditions, however, were allegedly a little hard to engineer—it wasn’t
just a matter of killing ten thousand and Bob’s your uncle. But I didn’t care.
A passing thought struck me that maybe Clayman had been aiming for
this all along—to start a war for the express purpose of collecting ten
Page|142
Goldenagato|  thousand human beings together for reaping. Attacking villages singly only
got you so far—maybe he aimed for a war that’d let him efficiently harvest
those souls and become a true demon lord himself. He just didn’t know the
exact  conditions needed, so he had to satisfy himself with spreading evil
around his domain instead. It almost seemed to me that he was taking
advantage of the other demon lords so he could become a true one, even.
He would’ve been eliminated from the fray sooner or later, I suppose…
But right now, the demon lord Clayman was my clear enemy. Once I took
care of things with Farmus, he was coming up next.
So really, I had just one reason for handling this solo. It was because I had
this well of intense anger deep in my chest, and I wanted to release all of it. I
didn’t want to give people the impression that I’d kill at the drop of a hat. I
wanted them to know I was pissed. And if it meant I’d make a mistake and
get killed, then that’s just all I was capable of, really.
Plus…you know, I felt like I had to take responsibility for all this. I
couldn’t allow myself to take it easy any longer. Even if Hinata was among
the invaders, I intended to kill all of them by myself. I’d already seen her
skills once. The same skill never worked twice on me, because the Great
Sage always had the perfect remedy for it.
……
It felt like the Sage wanted to say something about that, but that
assumption had never let me down before. Knowledge provides me the
biggest advantage there is. If you use a skill meant to pick someone off on the
first view, then you have to kill with it—otherwise, the survivors will pull
their knowledge together and come up with countermeasures.
It didn’t matter who my foe was—I wouldn’t lose. I’d never be allowed
to. And, perhaps sensing my resolve, Benimaru grudgingly accepted it with a
nod.
“Very well. We leave this to you, Sir Rimuru…”
I nodded back. Although, of course, I didn’t intend for him and everyone
else to just keep quiet and wait.
“…There is a job I would like to have all of you do for me, though. Right
now, there are magical devices of some sort in all four cardinal directions
Page|143
Goldenagato|  around town, generating that weakening barrier over us. Each is being
guarded by a company of knights. I’d guess they’re pretty powerful, but I’d
like you to attack them and take them all down simultaneously.”
“Ohhh?”
“I see. So we do have a role in this?”
“Allow me, Rogurd, to accept this mission!”
“Yeah, I’m pretty darn mad right now, too!”
Everyone was raring to go, even before I’d finished my request. I raised a
hand to silence them. “Hold on. I’ve already decided on my personnel. I want
to ask as few people as needed to go through the town’s barrier. First,
Benimaru will tackle the east. Hakuro, Rigur, Gobta, and Geld will handle
the west. The south will be taken by Gabil and his team; the north by Soei
and his. The enemy’s reportedly got teleportation circles in place, so we have
to strike them before reinforcements can be sent in! If they do manage to
send more troops, call Ranga over immediately, even if you think it won’t be
enough to put up a resistance. Did you hear that, Soei?”
“Not a problem, Sir Rimuru. I thank you for providing us the opportunity.
Gabil is ready to go as well, and I doubt any of us will fail.”
“Does it look like you can win, from your perspective?”
“It will be simple if we only handle one of the four.”
Great. Soei’s team consisted of a mere six people—himself, Soka, and
four others. Their skills were honed for assassination missions, and they’d
provide a good match even for an entire enemy unit if it wasn’t prepared for
them. Plus, with their movement speed, they’d certainly be able to pull the
wool over the enemy’s eyes and flee if needed.
Gabil and his men had grown far stronger during the evolution to
dragonewt form. Each one ranked a good B-plus now, and I doubted they’d
lose out to even the most well trained of knights. They all had ample potion,
too, so as long as they weren’t one-shot killed, they could keep up a fight
indefinitely.
So north and south were no problem, and to the east, I had Benimaru to
count on.
“I have no concern about your chances, Benimaru, but it’ll be you
operating solo against nearly a hundred knights. If you sense any danger—”
“Sir Rimuru, there is no need for worry. It is a given that I will—”
“You don’t have to go easy on them, keep in mind.”
Page|144
Goldenagato|  “Heh. In that case, victory is assured.”
No worries about him, either. Among our group, only I was stronger than
him, and he had the skills needed to handle large numbers at once.
That just left the west side, which did concern me.
“Okay. So: Hakuro, Rigur, Gobta, and Geld…”
“Sir Rimuru,” Rigur said, “you are safe in our hands. I have no intention
of tasting defeat twice. But if you are that worried about us, is it because…
you feel it’s likely they are among their numbers?”
Exactly. The west side connects to the shortest highway route to the
kingdom of Blumund. If the enemy anticipated that our merchants would flee
down that road, then the knights who attacked us earlier were probably
stationed to the west so they could strike at our visitors.
“Can you win against them? There’s a very good chance those
otherworlders are among them.”
“Sir Rimuru, we are not as weak as we used to be. We have the power to
fight, not just to be protected by Sir Hakuro.”
“Yeah! Plus, I gotta get me some revenge for Gobzo!”
“I know we number just four,” Geld said, “but I want you to trust us. I
promise you, Sir Rimuru, I will wield the powers you granted me as an orc
king as much as I possibly can!”
Hakuro’s reputation preceded him. Geld was powerful, if not quite as
much as Benimaru. Rigur, in his role as leader of our security forces, was just
as capable in battle as Rigurd. Gobta… Okay, I was a little worried about
him, but I figured not even that fool would try anything too rash.
“All right. Take those magical devices down, make this annoying barrier
disappear, and give our people their full strength back!”
“““Yes, my lord!!”””
With them on the job, the barrier was as good as gone. That just left me to
take on the invading forces by myself.
There was one other thing too important to forget.
“Now, Shuna…”
“Yes?”
“Like I just said, Benimaru and everyone will remove the barrier for us.
However, it’s that very barrier, in all likelihood, that is helping keep the souls
Page|145
Goldenagato|  of Shion and everyone else within reach. Do you see what I’m getting at?”
“Yes, Sir Rimuru. You want us to prepare a replacement barrier for you?”
“Exactly. Can you do that?”
“Oh, that goes without saying, my lord. I promise it will be done!”
Right now, as we spoke, I was casting a unique sort of great magic. I was
also releasing a vast quantity of magicules into the air, filling it. That was
what it took to maintain the barrier and supplement the magicule supply
around here—and I wanted Shuna to make a new reinforcing barrier to help
with that. The rest of the people in town would pitch in, too, of course—
whatever it took to boost the chances of bringing them all back alive.
In the laws of magic, just like the laws of physics, there was the concept
of going “high to low.” Basically, if the air was filled with energy, I figured
that would help prevent the energy covering all those souls from dissipating.
If they lost this protection, the souls could go right through the barrier and be
vaporized. A soul is a pure, unadulterated collection of energy; there is
nothing to fence it in. And with the astral bodies of monsters made of
magicules, if we could keep this energy from dissipating, I figured that would
pen up the souls well enough. That was the Great Sage’s take on things, and
all I could do was count on that. (Humans, by the way, could pass through the
barrier without resistance, since they had relatively few magicules inside their
bodies. It was totally different from monsters, who were much more directly
affected by that energy.)
“I would love to help with that if I could,” Mjurran said. Great magic,
along with barriers, was an apparent specialty of hers. I appreciated the offer
a ton.
“Hey, Shuna…”
“Yes, Sir Rimuru. Thank you for that, Mjurran.”
“Leave it to me. I promise I’ll devote my full energy to it.”
So Shuna and Mjurran would be working together to keep my great magic
going strong. Now I could fight with a clear mind.
“Rigurd! I want everybody left to help keep these two safe in the
meantime!”
“Yes, my lord!”
“I—I can do that, too?!”
“You got us here, too, pal!”
“Allow the noble Gruecith to see this through for you!”
Page|146
Goldenagato|  “Yeah, my bodyguards and I will do our best!”
“You are in good hands, Rimuru.”
“Yeah, you heard ’em, boss!”
I had Kurobe, Yohm, Gruecith, Rigurd, and the Kabal trio in town. It
couldn’t be a safer place if they were here.
“Right! I imagine our enemy assumes the final battle’s four days from
now, but that doesn’t matter to us. Right now, from this very moment, it is
time to do what must be done and annihilate our foes!”
And with that order, everyone began to move, working to the last man to
bring Shion, Gobzo, and everyone else back.
Benimaru’s back was straight, shoulders high, as he strode directly for the
magical device installed east of town. One of the Temple Knights there was
the first to spot him.
“Someone approaching ahead! All troops, prepare for battle!”
It was this company of Temple Knights that established the Prison Field,
the barrier weakening the monsters, at Archbishop Reyhiem’s order. There
were a bit over a hundred of them, each ranking a B-plus threat individually.
Three other companies were in each of the other directions, attending to the
barrier devices. They boasted astonishing battle skills, geared more toward
tackling monsters than your average knight, and all of them were more than
amply trained for the job. And like any devout member of the Western Holy
Church, none of them was complacent. They had guards on duty, tense and
focused, and Benimaru was discovered in short order.
Page|147
Goldenagato|  Page|148
Goldenagato|  And yet—
“Sorry, man, but you’re gonna help me vent my anger a bit.”
It sounded almost haughty, the way he put it, but nobody was there to
complain. In an instant, they were all dead. With his sword, encased in jet-
black flame, he cut the knights neatly in half—armor and all—as easily as
ripping a sheet of paper. Their fresh blood stained the ground red, like
crimson fields of flowers blooming amid the black fire.
One of them held out just long enough to voice his final resentments.
“N-nobody said anything about this…this…monster…”
It was the captain of the knight company, and it was his last act on this
world before the black flame consumed him. That single dance-like motion
from Benimaru didn’t even need half a minute to knock them all out—and
another offhand swipe of his sword slashed right through the magical device.
“Mission complete,” he whispered. “Now—are any of my allies pathetic
enough to be having trouble with this?”
He sincerely doubted it, but he still set off to check out the scene in the
other directions.
Over to the south, Gabil was busy rousing his men.
“Gah-ha-ha-ha! I’ve finally been given a place in the sun! I was hoping
my successes in putting our potions on the market would’ve merited my
appointment to higher government by now… But then we had this distraction
happen to us. It is simply outrageous that these minions should get in my
way! Isn’t it?”
“It is exactly as you say, Sir Gabil!”
“Well put. I was hoping that our efforts would be rewarded by now and
that Sir Gabil would be basking in the fruits of his success. But now…”
“Yes! Yes, precisely! But! If this battle can prove to Sir Rimuru that I can
be of aid to him, I am all but guaranteed a lofty role in his hierarchy! I want
to see the full extent of your force in action right now, people! Show them
what a dragonewt riled is capable of!”
“““Raaahhh!!”””
Spirits were high, no doubt, although some of Gabil’s men might have
questioned the way he phrased that speech. They knew Gabil didn’t need
Page|149
Goldenagato|  some fancy title in the Tempest government—he had already proven himself
a capable leader in their eyes. That was why they had followed him when he
was banished from his homeland, after all, and as petty as he could be about
it sometimes, they knew he was seriously trying to boost their good name.
“Such words,” one of them whispered, “are exactly why Soka and the
others make fun of him, you realize.”
“Shhh! You want him to hear you?”
“Yeah, well, that’s one of the good things about our general, after all, isn’t
it?”
“No doubt. You said it.”
“Enough idle chitchat,” barked Gabil. “Put yourselves into this! Ah, you
make life so difficult  for me!”
“Oh, we do not, General!”
A quick laugh.
“Right! Forward!!”
They were roused and ready to fight as they took flight from the cave,
cutting through the clouds as they went southward and attacking in tandem
with the others.
The Temple Knights protecting the south were thrown into chaos upon
witnessing the surprise attack from the skies. The ever-changing breath
attacks—fire, ice, air—took out nearly a third of them in short order.
“Retain your positions!” a senior knight half ordered, half shouted as his
men flew into a panic. “Go into our air-defense formation and prepare for
magical impact!”
But he was already too late to avoid Gabil’s second wave of offense.
“Damn it! These aren’t lizardmen at all, are they? They don’t have
anywhere near this level of force—much less wings to fly with!”
“Don’t panic! These are dragonewts! They’re not as common, but they’re
nothing we can’t handle!”
“Dragonewts?! I can’t believe it! Such great numbers, and working as a
team…”
Their confusion subsided before the third attack arrived, as they finally
began to grasp the situation. But half of them were already down, and none of
the survivors was free of injury.
Page|150
Goldenagato|  “Curse them! Contact our headquarters and call for reinforcements!”
One of the knights prepared to follow his captain’s order. Then Gabil
himself alighted next to him.
“Hngh!”
His spear plunged straight through the knight’s heart.
“May God damn you now!” the captain shouted as he engaged Gabil.
“Gah-ha-ha-ha! You captain this force? My name is Gabil, but there is no
need to remember it. Consider my telling you a final gift before your death!”
“What? A named monster?! Very well. You should prove a worthy
opponent for me!”
Gabil was occupying the full attention of the company’s leader and
commander, and it threw the rest of the knights into disarray. This was the
moment the other dragonewt warriors were waiting for. They were an even
match, pound for pound, but thanks to the gift of flight, Gabil’s fighters had
the advantage. Even the injured among them had High Potions at the ready,
rapidly returning them to the front line.
“God smite them all! We hit them and hit them, and the bastards keep
coming back!”
“Stay strong! We have the protection of Luminus upon— Gehhh…”
Their numbers were few now, and the shock of these monsters working in
precise tandem had hardly worn off. The medicine these foes used to heal
their wounds struck fear in their hearts. Even the most devout of the knights
began to tremble—and as they did, the captain they so heavily relied upon
was slain by Gabil.
“Gah-ha-ha-ha! Victory is mine!!”
Now the fate of this battle was sealed. Without a commander, the rest of
the knights were helpless, quickly tasting defeat at the claws of Gabil’s men.
Over to the north, Soei and his platoon were on the move, silently using
Shadow Motion to sneak into the encampment.
Out of nowhere, there was a dull thud—the sound of someone’s head
hitting the ground. Soei had decapitated the garrison’s commander. It was a
signal to all that the battle was on.
“N-no! Where did they…?!”
Page|151
Goldenagato|  “Grahhh!”
“Aaahhh!!”
The shapeless assassins had successfully thrown the northern encampment
into fits of terror.
“…Sir Soei, these troops were weaker than I thought. I apologize,” Soka
said as he took a knee before his leader.
“…Apologizing would be meaningless. I am the one who shall make the
final judgment. Plus…”
Soei paused a moment to think. Soka was right. These were all weaklings.
If this was what they were dealing with, Soei’s team could have easily
destroyed the magical devices in all four directions. Killing all the men as
well would pose a challenge, but completing the objectives and escaping
alive would have been no sweat.
But the problem wasn’t here on the north side.
“I was hoping they would be here…but I suppose it is the west, after all,
just as Sir Rimuru surmised.”
“Yes, my lord! I believe you are right.”
The otherworlders had to be in the west. By Soei’s estimation, if their
team worked alone to strike all four bases at once, it might have failed
entirely if Soka and the others ran into those guys. Soei had already reported
back to Rimuru along those lines—and that was why Soka’s apology was
pointless.
“…But who can say,” he whispered as a smile crept onto his lips, “who
the unlucky ones really are here?”
Hakuro was on his mind—the Hakuro he saw just before they all moved
out. The look on his face was nothing short of bloodcurdling. It made Soei
happy he wasn’t the one facing him down. The otherworlders who struck in
town conducted their killing like a pleasure hunt. Now things were quite
different. They’d be taking on the Sword Ogre himself.
“It appears to be over,” Soka coldly stated. There were no survivors left
among the Temple Knights of the north. Soei and his team were unhurt. It
was a victory as total and complete as he had predicted.
Page|152
Goldenagato|  The magic-producing device installed west of town had been placed atop a
hill with a good view of the highway leading out. Unlike the other positions,
the Temple Knights guarding it felt rather relaxed. Their encampment was the
safest of all four, and it was loaded with forces—over two hundred troops in
all.
There was, of course, a reason for this.
“Hey. Hasn’t anyone fled yet?”
“Oh, er, Shogo! No enemies sighted today, either, sir!”
The soldier who answered Shogo Taguchi’s question seemed terribly ill at
ease around him.
“Pfft. How many days are they gonna waste planning their escape? Or did
the merchants and adventurer bodyguards decide to share their fates with the
town?”
“Ha-ha-ha! Oh, I wouldn’t be so impatient,” Kyoya said to soothe the
clearly annoyed Shogo. “The other positions didn’t have any news, either. If
they’re running, they’ll have to go down this road. It’s the only option.”
“Huh. Yeah, I hope,” Shogo resentfully replied. It had been three whole
days, and nobody had fled town. It made him suspicious. He was here
because of the merchants and adventurers who were supposed to be skipping
town. Kyoya seemed content with just shutting down this highway, as
ordered, but Shogo had other ideas. Razen, the head sorcerer of the Farmus
court, had personally told him that he had free rein to massacre anyone on the
highway.
Just as Rimuru thought, the Kingdom of Farmus had decided that anyone
from Blumund trying to flee the region should be killed. Shogo was no
homicidal maniac, but the order filled him with glee nonetheless. He had
noticed something in this new world, and that was the way his skills could
evolve.
Once, during training, he had failed to fine-tune his Berserker unique
skill, and the results killed one of the knights. Somehow, it felt like he was
just a bit more powerful after that event. Maybe killing more enemies with
that skill would continue to boost the effect. He still couldn’t defy the locking
curse Razen had put on him, but maybe, if he powered up enough, he could
later.
That was Shogo’s thought, but defeating monsters didn’t provide that
concrete feeling of strength he craved. It was a disappointment, but now, with
Page|153
Goldenagato|  carte blanche to kill the Blumundians who would no doubt be flooding this
road shortly, he was doing a little dance in his mind.
But the people he had wanted to see so badly showed no sign of
appearing, even after three days. For someone as quick-tempered as Shogo, it
was sorely trying the limits of his patience.
Kyoya tried his best to keep him calm, even as he struggled to contain his
own cravings for murder. The previous attack on the town opened his eyes to
just how wonderful slashing up bodies could be. Especially that one elderly
ogre. Those sword skills were the real thing; Kyoya could tell that much.
Ooh, I’ll never forget that surprised face! The way it was so confident in
its own strength! It’s irresistible!
It made him lick his lips in anticipation. And even though his motivations
were different from Shogo’s, he was just as ready for the fleeing crowds to
appear.
Then they heard a messenger provide a report.
“Enemies up ahead! They number…four?!”
Tension and nervousness found their way into the western encampment.
The knights immediately cast magic to boost their physical strength,
preparing to engage this threat and going into a formation that guaranteed at
least three troops could tackle each one. They might have slept on the job a
little, but these were Western Holy Church monster hunters, each one an
expert in the field. There was no panic, no agitation. They simply did what
needed to be done before a battle began.
Hakuro, Rigur, Gobta, and Geld were coming their way.
“Let’s give ’em a show!” shouted Gobta as he drew his dagger and held
its scabbard in his left hand. The starwolf he was on leaped forward, and then
he jumped off his mount’s back, somersaulting once in the air. Steadying his
aim with his scabbard, he launched a Case Cannon strike upon the head of the
most important-looking knight in the crowd.
Easily surging past the speed of sound, the two-centimeter-wide iron balls
landed a direct hit. There was a soft zwing! sound as the knights behind the
targeted captain were bathed in blood…then a thud as he collapsed to the
ground.
Page|154
Goldenagato|  “Nice! Direct hit!”
The knights began to scream and shout as Gobta admired his efforts.
“Enemy of God! What sorcery is this?!”
The company fanned out, which was exactly what Gobta and the others
were anticipating.
“Well done, Gobta. Keep diverting their attention, but don’t let them
capture you.”
“Roger that, sir!”
“You’re just as nimble as always,” observed Rigur. “You always were
good at sniping like that.”
“Heh-heh! Yeah, wasn’t I?”
“Don’t let it get to your head, you fool.”
It was rare for Rigur to compliment Gobta. The subsequent warning
quickly silenced him.
“Keep your guard up! We need to work together to shoulder some of
Hakuro’s and Geld’s load!”
“Got it!”
Rigur and Gobta climbed onto their starwolves, working to throw the
knights’ teamwork out of whack. Geld was waiting for this. Even their
breathing was fully aligned as he watched them send their wolves into the air
—the signal for him to stomp his right foot against the ground. The impact
shook the earth under the knights’ legs like an earth tremor. It was called
Earthshatter Kick, one of the Arts Geld had learned, and it sent a shock wave
of aura force below him to further extend its power and range.
“Whoa?!”
“Ngh!”
The quake lasted for just a moment, but that was enough. By the time
Rigur and Gobta reached ground again, they were right in front of several
unbalanced, teetering knights. They were left lethally wide open in the midst
of battle, fated with nothing but broken windpipes at the fangs of the
starwolves.
“Boy, that sure was something…”
“I can hardly believe it. We didn’t even practice that in training, but your
timing was perfect, Geld…”
Rigur and Gobta looked at each other and grinned. Then the three of them
sprang into action anew, maintaining their impeccable teamwork as they beat
Page|155
Goldenagato|  the knights at their own game. Before their overwhelming numbers, the trio
couldn’t have looked less concerned.
But now there was a dark-haired young man standing before them.
“Ha-ha-ha-ha! Nice! I like it! But now you gotta take me on!”
“Ah, ahhh! Sir Shogo!”
“Please do something about these monsters!”
The smell of death surrounding Shogo intoxicated him, making his face
twist villainously. He could feel force flowing through him like never before.
Yes! This is it! Just as I thought—my power grows as people die around me!
His spirits soared as he began running toward the trio.
“Oh, there he is,” Gobta noted, eyes showing an uncommon (for him)
anger as he sized Shogo up. “But he ain’t fightin’ me!”
It was Shogo who had kicked Gobzo to death back in town as he tried to
cover for Shuna. The memory of the moment he heard the news made Gobta
boil with fury at the figure running for him. But he was fully aware of the
difference in strength between them both. No, Shogo would have to fight
Geld, just as they planned originally.
“Do not worry, Sir Gobta,” the orc king declared. “It’s time to deliver the
iron hammer of justice!”
“Hee-hee! Just Gobta is fine, Geld!”
“Understood. Allow me to handle the rest, Gobta!”
“I hope you do, Sir Geld,” Rigur said as he nodded. “Gobzo had his faults,
but he was a good man to all of us.”
And in another moment, Geld and Shogo were locked in battle.
Amid this fury, there was another confrontation taking place—between
Hakuro and Kyoya.
“Wow, old man, you survived? If you were lucky enough to live, you
should’ve tucked your tail and fled when you could. It woulda been easy for
someone as strong as you to make it out.”
“Ho-ho-ho! I may not look it, but I happen to be a very sore loser.
Besides, something about some youngster getting a swollen head with me
when I haven’t even revealed my full  strength just doesn’t seem right.”
Page|156
Goldenagato|  “Oh? You aren’t talking about me, are you?”
“Does it not seem that way to you? Well, my apologies. I suppose your
brain’s just as empty as your morals.”
“Ha-ha! So getting slashed once didn’t bring the message across, huh? Or
are you growing feeble in the head?”
Just then, a sharp ting! echoed across the field. It was the sound of
Hakuro’s hidden sword deflecting the blow Kyoya unleashed in the blink of
an eye. The otherworlder had lunged upon Hakuro in the middle of their chat.
Anticipating the strike, he drew his sword against it as if he had all the time
in the world.
“Impatient, I see. But I suppose we both are. I can hardly contain my
anger any longer.”
Kyoya suddenly felt a chill down his spine. He took a step back. Hakuro’s
ghastly visage mentally overwhelmed him, as much as he didn’t want to
admit it.
“Don’t make me laugh,” he spat back, eyes squinted and blurred with the
desire to kill. “Quit acting like my boss, old man! You couldn’t do a damn
thing against my sword!”
“Not your sword. Your power, yes. As Rimuru put it, your force is based
on the spatial element. Not even I had an answer for it—but now that I know
the trick, I can avoid it.”
“Yeah? Well, great. So let’s have a sword fight, all right? Fair and
square.”
Kyoya brought his sword before his eyes—those eyes blazing with a
fearsomely evil light—as a distressing grin crossed his face.
“Very well. Allow me to show you the true essence of swordplay.”
Hakuro held his own blade down low. Kyoya’s grin widened.
“You ready?”
The otherworlder lifted his sword higher and then swung it down. He was
far too out of range to hit Hakuro with it, but his aim was elsewhere. The
blade itself launched out, away from the sword’s grip, transforming into
millions of tiny shards, each one too small to see but packing lethal force as
they hurtled toward Hakuro. Kyoya’s sword was a fake, a dummy created by
his Severer unique skill. Switching between it and his actual sword allowed
him to trick his enemy, stymieing them in battle.
“Ha-ha-ha! That fool got tricked again!”
Page|157
Goldenagato|  Kyoya held his stomach as he laughed—but a cold, penetrating voice
stopped him.
“Hmm. So such tiresome little deceits are part of your arsenal, eh? It
seems I overestimated you.”
“No way?!”
Kyoya looked around, searching for Hakuro’s frigid, lecturing voice. He
found the ogre exactly where he had been standing, completely unhurt.
“What… What did you just do, old man?!”
“Hmm. Interesting. You weren’t able to see it? Then I suppose you’re just
a second-rate fighter or worse.”
“…What?”
“‘Second-rate or worse’ is what I said. I can fully keep up with your
sword style, and frankly, I couldn’t find it more childish.”
“Don’t mess with me, you senile piece of shit!”
Kyoya lost his cool, eyes wide open. That was why he couldn’t notice.
His Severer blade, capable of ripping through anything, had been fully
deflected by Hakuro—and now, he had to accept that.
He hadn’t even noticed that the third eye on Hakuro’s head was now
open. Aura, all-powerful and overwhelming, flowed from him. It was enough
energy to easily propel him into the A ranks of monsterdom.
“Right. I said I would show you the true essence of swordplay. Pay close
attention to this!”
“Shut up! Shitty little monsters, acting all tough and crap…!”
Kyoya, still enraged, created a new blade and slashed at Hakuro. Hakuro
paid it no mind. He just stood there, quietly transforming the intense rage
inside him into power. Not even the sight of Kyoya bringing down his sword
at point-blank range fazed him. He just kept his third eye open—the extra
skill Heavengaze—and dodged his opponent’s unseeable blade by a
hairbreadth.
“You talk big,” Kyoya shouted as he laughed loudly, “but you can’t do a
thing against me! Can you?! There’s nothing you can do! Just sit there and
watch my invisible blade rip you apart!”
“The time has come, I see. Perhaps your ‘eye’ is not so all-seeing after
all…”
“Huh? What did you—?”
Kyoya didn’t understand. But he could tell it meant trouble. He took a
Page|158
Goldenagato|  step back, but it was already too late.
—A flash.
The resulting sword move—Crestwater Slash—was clearly visible to
Kyoya’s All-Seeing Eye…and then Kyoya realized something was wrong.
He was frozen. Not “frozen,” exactly, but moving at an impossibly slow
speed. The sword flowed its way toward him. His All-Seeing Eye picked up
on that; it should have been evadable enough. But the sword kept coming. It
touched against his neck. And then it went all the way down into his torso.
“…Uh?”
Then the sword came back out, gouging Kyoya’s heart along the way, as
Hakuro just barely grabbed his head before his body hit the ground. In less
than a second, it was all over.
Page|159
Goldenagato|  Page|160
Goldenagato|  “…And there we go. I hope you will use the remaining time you’ve
extended a thousandfold for yourself to figure out where you went wrong.”
Those words, via Thought Communication, were the last thing Kyoya
ever heard.
Hakuro could have killed Kyoya at any time. Even in town, he wouldn’t
have fallen behind if he had any intention of killing him then. It was a loss
with its cause squarely upon Rimuru and his order to drive away their foes
alive.
Now, though, his good name was restored. He had waited for the moment
when Kyoya’s All-Seeing Eye was at its maximum level of activation. Then
he showed his own skills—and the sheer difference in talent between them.
It would be just a few seconds before Kyoya’s oxygen-starved brain
would expire, and even less than that before his consciousness grew cloudy.
But thanks to Mind Accelerate, he had extended his perception speed to a
thousand times normal. Hakuro’s taunting goaded him into it, although
Kyoya had no idea.
Now, all he could do was taste the pain, the bitterness, for a small eternity
until the moment he finally, mercifully passed. Such was the end of Kyoya
Tachibana, the otherworlder who attempted to con his way through life and
met his doom over it.
Shogo was intensely irritated. Geld, the warrior looming in front of him,
seemed invincible to his powers. Nothing of the sort had ever happened to
him in this world. Everyone always groveled before him, begging for mercy.
And now  look.
“Goddammit…!”
He poured every ounce of strength he had into Berserker and launched a
kick at Geld’s frame. It helplessly clanged against the orc’s Scale Shield, the
unique piece of equipment Garm forged out of Charybdis scales for him.
“That’s cheating! If you’re a man, fight me with your bare hands!”
Geld raised a quizzical eyebrow at Shogo’s absurd command.
“I don’t know what you mean. This is war. Cheating or not, it is only
Page|161
Goldenagato|  polite to bring out everything you have against your foe.”
“Don’t give me that shit! I don’t have any weapons, and you’re fully
outfitted! You should be ashamed of yourself!”
This bewildered Geld. His opponent was making less and less sense. The
word patience wasn’t in Shogo’s dictionary; it seemed like he expected his
selfish, childlike whining to work against grown men. That was why failing
to even put a dent in Geld was filling him with a passionate rage. But that
wasn’t Geld’s problem. All he could do with Shogo’s nonsensical ramblings
was ignore them.
“All right. I’m sorry; I’m sorry,” Shogo backpedaled. “I thought I’d just
ask, y’know, if you could put down that annoying shield for me. I’m all
warmed up now, so I guess it’s about time I put everything I got into this.”
To Geld, someone whose mind was configured to follow his warrior code,
it was impossible for him to follow the thoughts of the oblivious Shogo. But
this was a battlefield. Just because his foe threw him for a loop didn’t mean
he’d abandon the fight.
“…Everything you’ve got? Very well. I will do the same as—”
“Haaah!!”
Not listening to Geld’s words, Shogo focused his spirit just below his
navel and shouted out loud. Then, like a tiger, he planted a foot on the ground
and sped off, unleashing a flying kick in Geld’s direction.
“Eeeeeeyaaah!!”
With a scream, the kick unleashed itself. It put a crack in Geld’s shield.
“One more! Hraaah!!”
He landed on the ground, away from the shield, and used his momentum
to launch another back kick. That was enough to shatter Geld’s shield for
good.
His Berserker unique skill had the special effect of breaking the weapons
of his opponents. Of course, a unique piece of equipment was hard to break
with one or two strikes—that was why Shogo was acting like he had no
strategy but was actually attacking the same spot over and over again. He
might have looked like a simpleton, but Shogo had a uniquely honed talent
for battle—and that skill was perfectly suited for his martial-arts approach.
“Ha-ha! Lookit that! You ain’t gonna block the next one without that
shield!”
Shogo was proud of his victory. But it didn’t move Geld at all.
Page|162
Goldenagato|  “I see… So you acted short-tempered and mindless for that reason?”
He was impressed. But ever so casually, he took out a brand-new shield
from his Stomach.
“Huh? What the…?! That’s dirty!”
“What is dirty about this? I told you—this is war. It is only common
courtesy to use every weapon at my disposal. No matter what kind of
cowardly move you may attempt, I am willing to forgive it.”
Right from the start, Geld had been consistently and doggedly sticking to
his own principles as he tackled Shogo. He had only one motivation. Shogo
was the man behind Gobzo’s death, and the iron hammer had to fall upon
him.
“Cowardly? You callin’ me cowardly? Don’t give me that shit, you pig!”
“I am not a pig…but fine.”
“Shut up!”
Shogo let out a deep breath as Geld readied his shield. Composing
himself, he observed his enemy, finally recognizing him as a worthy
challenger. With that shield, Geld had no opening to exploit—but Shogo
decided to force him to the ground anyway. Taking the sanchin stance (a
standard position unique to karate), he breathed in and let out all his tension
with a “Kaaahhh!!” Muscles tightened up and down his body, boosting his
focus.
It was a basic breathing move, but it was also a harrowing finisher—and,
repeating it three times as he took in the air and its magicules, it transformed
his flesh and blood, adding the Adamantine Body effect of Berserker to his
already well-built frame to make it hard as rock. His body was remade into a
living weapon of battle.
“Now I’m ready. This is how I really fight, and I’m ready for you. Try to
make this fun for me, all right?”
“That goes without saying. Come at me!”
With a light exhale, Shogo lunged at Geld. With his bodily strength much
enhanced, all limiters restricting his powers were gone. The difference was
like night and day, and he even moved faster than before.
“Shyahhh!!”
Quickly closing the distance, Shogo launched a frontal punch. The power
from his toes upward ran through his navel and focused itself upon a single
point in his fist. He called it the Tornado Punch, and it mixed Berserker’s
Page|163
Goldenagato|  weapon-breaking and Adamantine Body properties to unleash a torrent of
force—and as it smashed through Geld’s shield, Shogo felt assured of
victory.
Heh! The moment I get serious, this— Wait, what?
The next moment, he realized something felt off. Pain erupted from his
limbs, forming together in intense agony in an instant.
“Whoa—what’s…?! Goddammit!!”
It was Chaos Eater, a yellow aura that snaked its way around him. Now
Geld was on the attack.
“Your physical strength is commendable. I can certainly tell that much
from what I have seen in this short battle. But it seems rather weak against
rot.”
“R-rot? Shit! Get—get this off me!”
The intense pain made Shogo writhe on the ground. Looking on from
above, pity in his eyes, Geld prepared his Meat Cleaver blade.
“Let me end the pain.”
“Ahhh! W-wait! Wait a second!”
Geld’s slow approach made the orc look like a man-eating demon in
Shogo’s eyes. He was strong of will when attacking, but now that it was his
turn to take a shot, he was defenseless. It was always a sad sight to see,
someone experiencing this helplessness for the first time, but that was Shogo
now, edging away as best as he could. But that only added to the pain. Shogo
had nothing to undo the Chaos Eater around him. The yellow aura drilled
further into his body, making the flesh on his hands and legs rot into nothing
—but still he tried to get away from his foe.
Geld didn’t care. He had other things on his mind—such as Hakuro,
whom he could see casually walking up to him.
“You still aren’t done, Geld?”
“Ah, Sir Hakuro. You are finished? I was just about to strike the final
blow.”
Now, even Shogo could see that the knights around them were strewn
across the battlefield.
“You—you assholes! What the hell did you do to Kyoya?!”
“Him? He’s dead,” came the matter-of-fact reply as Hakuro tossed
something at him. It was Kyoya’s head, rolling along the ground there, and it
provided all the evidence necessary.
Page|164
Goldenagato|  “Ah, aaahhhhhhhhhh!!”
Shogo attempted to flee at full speed, no longer caring about the pain in
his limbs. Deep down, he knew he’d be meeting the same fate, and it
terrorized him.
Goddamn it! God… Why did this happen to me?!
The pain was as intense as the terror and confusion.
Shit… If this keeps up, I’m dead…
His mind raced, trying to figure out a way to survive this. Then, out of
nowhere, he had a brilliant idea. He recalled that there, in the tent in front of
him, was another otherworlder. So he ran, placing all hopes upon this new
plan.
Raising the tent flap, he found Kirara relaxing inside.
“Hey, you done? ’Cause you sure took your sweet time with—”
“Shut up! Kirara,” Shogo said as he ran up to her, “I’m sorry, but you’re
gonna have to die for me!”
“Huhhh? What’re you talking about, you dumbass? Why’re you picking a
fight with me—?”
Kirara took it as a joke. It had the effect of greatly shortening her life
span.
Clench—
“Nh… Wha…? You’re choking me…”
She had left herself wide open, and now Shogo’s hands were fully
engaged with her. She struggled mightily, even as Shogo’s tremendous power
shattered her neck—but in another moment, her resistance grew weaker.
Memories of her life in Japan flashed before her eyes. The boyfriend she
liked. The friends she got along with. The parents who put up with her
selfishness. All Kirara wanted to do was go home. Razen had told her
himself: “Do what I say, and I’ll develop a spell to whisk you back
someday.”  To her, this world wasn’t reality, and that meant she could do
whatever she wanted—otherwise, she’d have to seriously contemplate all the
crimes she’d committed. All the murders. She just wasn’t mentally mature
enough to deal with that. She had run from her crimes, from the killings she
did after a moment of emotion—and now time was running out for her.
Page|165
Goldenagato|  The world went white. The pain was already gone as a cavalcade of
familiar faces greeted her…
“…Mom…!”
And this was the end of Kirara Mizutani, the otherworlder who turned her
back on her weaknesses and blamed everyone else for them but herself.
Hakuro and Geld had given chase, only to find Shogo in the midst of
killing his ally Kirara.
“…An abominable deed. You have fallen that far?”
“No need for pity now. You are no warrior.”
And then a transformation occurred.
Confirmed. Unique skill Survivor…successfully obtained.
Shogo’s desire to live was the trigger for a new power within him,
snagged at the expense of Kirara’s soul. The yellow aura eating into Shogo’s
body dissipated as he rapidly healed himself. This was Ultraspeed
Regeneration in action, one of Survivor’s subskills.
“The World Language… So that’s what he was after?”
“Sir Rimuru described killing your allies as the greatest crime there is.
Your deeds are the work of a soulless minion, lower than a monster himself.”
“Shut up, you worthless maggots! Winning’s what matters, isn’t it? It’s
easy! I got the power for it!”
Shogo screamed as he unleashed both his unique skills—Berserker for the
attack and Survivor for the defense. It fooled him into believing he was
invincible. The sheer force—and the Ultraspeed Regeneration and the
resistance to all types of elements. As long as a blow didn’t kill him instantly,
he had invincible force and the ability to regenerate himself at any time.
Yes. Even if Hakuro used one of his sword strikes to lop his head off, he’d
be right back to normal in an instant. Even if Geld used his superhuman
strength to smash both his arms, they’d grow right back and be even stronger.
“How d’you like that, you piece-of-shit monsters?! This is it! This is my
full power!!”
And he couldn’t be blamed for bragging to the skies about it. As a
combination, his powers were like none seen before.
Page|166
Goldenagato|  But there was one thing Shogo didn’t realize: No matter how lofty the
heights you achieved in the world, there was always someone above you.
“Shall I lend a hand?”
“No need, Sir Hakuro. Please go and support Sir Rigur and the others.”
“Assuming such support is necessary,” Hakuro said as he stepped back
and gave Geld the right of way. The orc strode forward and prepared to
strike.
“Huhhh? You’re gonna take me on by yourself? ’Cause right now, I’d be
more than happy to whip both your asses at once!”
“You seem to have confidence in your martial arts. So be it. I will fight
you with my bare hands as well.”
“Oh, quit acting like you’re so much better than me. You’re just lookin’
for an excuse for when you lose!”
Such was the way Shogo’s mind worked. It made him go immediately on
the offensive. His face was brimming with confidence, testing out his new
powers—but that ease of mind didn’t last long. It was a bit harder for him to
die now, and he was ever so slightly powered up, but that still didn’t make
him a foe for Geld to concern himself with.
“Orgggh!”
Geld had more than ample strength to tear off one of Shogo’s arms and
use his free hand to drive a fist into his stomach.
“Ah. Yes, you can heal yourself faster than I can. Now let’s see how much
you can stand at once.”
As he said it, he wrapped twin curls of Chaos Eater around his fists and
beat them into Shogo. Over and over again, before he could recover, Geld
pummeled him into oblivion. Thanks to the Survivor skill, Shogo was
enjoying Cancel Pain privileges, preventing him from feeling any of the
anguish these injuries provided him. But Geld just kept on punching, doing
away with all weapons.
By its very nature, Chaos Eater bit its way through everything—damaging
not only Shogo’s material body but his spiritual one as well. The unique skill
Survivor was capable of regenerating all bodily systems, but a life-form’s
spiritual  needs were beyond its feature set. Indeed, before Geld’s unrelenting
attack, it was only a matter of time before Shogo’s frail spirit was against the
ropes.
“S-stop, stop! Pleathe, thtop!”
Page|167
Goldenagato|  It hadn’t even been ten minutes, but to Shogo, it felt like an hours-long
torture session. Selfish words fell out of his mouth, seeking salvation for him
and him alone. Geld and Hakuro were almost too disgusted to watch.
And that was the exact moment Shogo’s heart and soul broke.
“I suppose it is over.”
“It is. Now to finally ease his pain for—”
“N-no! Wait a thecond! I—I was jutht kidding! I didn’t really want to; I—
I—I jutht got carried away… Help me…”
Shogo, faced with this cruel reality, fell into confused terror. In this world,
simply being an otherworlder gave you overwhelmingly preferential
treatment. That only fed his arrogance, twisting his personality beyond repair.
And even more importantly, he and the others summoned into the Kingdom
of Farmus all suffered from the same affliction: a terminal case of egotism.
Page|168
Goldenagato|  Page|169
Goldenagato|  And it had led to this.
“I came over to see what all this commotion was about…and Shogo is the
last man standing, is he? My, my, look at that! Perhaps I misestimated the
power of these monsters after all.” Now another older man stepped in front of
Shogo.
He had on his robe, woven with magical fibers, a staff with untold stores
of magical force in one hand. This was Razen, court sorcerer and the greatest
magician in all of Farmus. With a hand in the air, he used his aspectual magic
to cast a Magic Barrier in front of Geld, nullifying his attack. This spell was
normally used to build a shield over the caster, but Razen could adapt it to
block his enemies’ moves as well.
“Nh…! R-Ratthen, you came to thave me…?!”
Shogo clung to the sorcerer’s back. Razen replied with a nod before
returning his eyes to Geld and Hakuro.
“Well, well, well. No wonder our otherworlders weren’t enough to secure
victory. I find it hard to believe, but you are both A-ranked and a calamity-
level threat. I do not like our prospects. Time to fall back for now.”
Then, with the Magic Barrier still in effect, he began to chant a high-level
teleportation spell. Unlike Warp Portal, which required a magic circle to base
itself on, this allowed the caster to define any point they liked to serve as the
jump site. You had to be at least wizard-level to use this forbidden spell, and
Razen’s ease in completing it indicated the full extent of his power and
experience.
Geld attempted to give chase. Hakuro stopped him.
“No rash moves, Geld. This is no also-ran.”
“…What?!”
Geld faithfully followed Hakuro’s advice—and, before him, the very air
tore itself open. Razen had installed a trap in the Magic Barrier, setting it to
explode after a given time delay.
“Kah-ha-ha! Very shrewd of you to notice that. I should have paid you all
much more caution than I did. Perhaps we should not be so optimistic about
this battle after all…”
He had been wary of Geld’s magical energy, but now, he acted like he
noticed the threat of Hakuro for the first time.
“You sly fox. You’ve been cautious of me from the very start…”
“Oh, not at all, my dear ogre mage. It is only natural, after all, to spot this
Page|170
Goldenagato|  orc lord first in terms of brute strength. But now it is time. I would love to
speak with you further, but my spell seems to be completed, so I had best
take my leave. We may meet again in battle, assuming you survive…”
“I rather doubt that,” Hakuro shot back, “because the battlefield you are
headed for will be attended to by our master. You have all gone too far this
time. You have enraged the one creature in this world you should never have
riled. I pity you. Your death will not be an easy one.”
“Kah-ha-ha! Enough of your silly bluffing—but if you mean it as a
warning, I will keep it in mind. Farewell!”
With that, Razen disappeared, carrying Shogo with him. Silence returned
to the scene, although the sounds of battle could still be heard from outside
the tent.
“Are you sure it was best,” Geld said, “to leave that sorcerer Razen
be…?”
“I imagine not, but if we fought him, then either you, I, or at worst both of
us might have died. He had another hidden magic queued up for us, one set to
trigger in the event of his death.”
“He did…? And the magic was that much of a threat?”
“Likely nuclear in nature,” he muttered bitterly. “The ultimate in aspectual
magic. Rigur and Gobta are here as well, and we cannot have them caught up
in it. Now is not the time for ill-advised gambles.”
Heavengaze gave him a better sense of the magic around him, from the
flow of magicules to the extent of its force, than even Magic Sense could
allow. It told him that the area beneath Razen’s rib cage was packed with
highly dense magic—enough to set off a dangerous, forbidden spell, by
Hakuro’s estimation.
“I see…”
“It would not be an issue for Sir Rimuru, but we will still need to prepare
for this. We must tell everyone about this dangerous figure before us.”
Geld nodded. “I understand. I will relay the news to my own forces.”
Then they both went outside to assist in the final mopping-up of the
western troops.
Page|171
Goldenagato|  With Shogo in tow, Razen safely made it back to Folgen’s side at their
headquarters. Triggering several powerful magics consecutively in a short
time filled him with a sense of fatigue like none he’d experienced in recent
years, but now was no time to rest. He had work to do.
“Th-thanks, Razen. I’m sorry.”
“Forget about it, Shogo. You are one of my most valuable tools. One of
our kingdom’s most precious pieces of war machinery.”
“Y-yeah… I lost this time, but not in the next round. I’ll show ’em!”
“Very good,” Razen gently replied—even as his eyes shone coldly,
something Shogo failed to notice. “Your injuries seem to have taken care of
themselves, but let me cast some magic to help you rest better. You need to
recover your stamina first.”
“Sure. Sounds good.”
He accepted Razen’s offer without question—and, without hesitation,
Razen cast his spell. It was the illusory magic Mental Strike, a move that
shattered the target’s spiritual and astral bodies. Shogo’s spiritual corpus was
already heavily damaged by Geld’s attack; this was nothing he could
withstand, and he trusted Razen too much to have any of his own resistances
up.
So the otherworlder Shogo Taguchi saw his end—doomed to die either
way, between his weakness and his egotism. But this death was not one of the
body but one of the heart.
With the still Shogo in front of him, Razen prepared his final great magic
of the day.
“Rather earlier than planned, isn’t it, Sir Razen?”
“My hands are tied, Folgen. The monsters unnerved him so much that
he’d hardly be useful to us any longer. The time had come.”
“Heh-heh-heh… Still a pitiful sight, though. He really believed he was the
strongest man in the world, didn’t he?”
“It appears that way. And look at Kyoya. He honestly believed he could
defeat Hinata Sakaguchi, head of the paladins. With his strength.”
“Bah-ha-ha-ha-ha! Don’t make me laugh. Not even I could take her, and
that little upstart expected victory?”
Folgen could at least put up a fight against her thanks to the fact that he
Page|172
Goldenagato|  himself was an otherworlder, summoned by a younger Razen decades ago.
He had no locking curse restricting his soul; in terms of their relationship, he
was both friends and cooperative partners with Razen. Even to someone like
that, Hinata’s strength was in its own realm, enough to convince him without
trying that he had no chance.
“It is a pity, though,” stated Razen. “Kyoya’s Severer skill slipped
through our fingers before I could pass it on to you.”
“That’s fine. There’s always next time.”
Folgen’s own unique skill was called Spearhead. It gave him special
insight into the strength of the forces he led, letting him select from and
obtain the skills of any dead member of his force within eyeshot. He could
earn only a limited number of skills this way, however, which annoyed him
to no end.
“Indeed there is,” Razen agreed. “The stronger among our forces always
seem to foster powerful skills within them, but look at how selfish they all
are! The one fly in the ointment. Summoning at random is much easier, but it
never results in anyone strong enough—not that their personalities matter
then, since we can always sacrifice them and seize their powers.”
“No doubt. We’ve constantly spoiled them, treating them like the
linchpins of our armies they are. I see no reason for them to complain about
it.”
The two shared a laugh.
And this, right here, was the whole crux of Farmus’s problem. It wasn’t
just the otherworlders—the summoners who called the kingdom home were
just as egotistical, assuming by birthright they were the strongest out there.
Razen smiled as he continued his work. “But this may be a blessing in
disguise,” he said. “At the very end, Shogo did help me out a great deal. I’m
not sure what happened, exactly, but he seems to have obtained another
unique skill. Now, then…”
The job was almost done. He was resetting Shogo’s brain, overwriting it
with his own memory. Once he transported the soul over, he was good to go.
“You sure you’re all right? There’s no chance of it failing?”
“Don’t worry. This isn’t the first time. My teacher, Lord Gadora,
Page|173
Goldenagato|  reincarnated himself by literally birthing his soul all over again. No greater
secret magic out there. Compared to that , casting Possession couldn’t be
simpler.”
Razen had completely destroyed Shogo’s astral body in order to take over
his physical one. He then destroyed his brain and rebuilt it again with
Survivor. It was a total blank, with none of its soul’s memories restored, and
now Razen’s own memories were burned into it. All he had to do now was
implant his soul into Shogo’s body.
The Possession spell was a simplified version of Reincarnation, the
mysterious, esoteric skill first woven by Razen’s master, the great sorcerer
Gadora. It was an original skill of Razen’s, and now it was activated. This
was how the head sorcerer of Farmus managed to serve his nation over all
these many years, transferring himself from powerful body to powerful body.
With Shogo’s, he was now reborn as the perfect combination of indomitable
spirit and undefeatable muscle, the strongest magic-born in all of Farmus’s
history.
“Ahhh… It does feel so nice to be in a younger body again.”
“Heh-heh-heh! You’re sounding much older than you look right now.”
“Enough of that. Now to report to His Highness and show him what I am
reborn as.”
He slipped back into the robe he had discarded earlier, staff in hand. There
was a new spring in his step as he boldly sauntered off, brimming with
confidence and aspiration over the new strength he had. It was enough to
amaze even Folgen, reinforcing his confidence in his friend and partner.
Losing three otherworlders, a hefty chunk of their nation’s fighting force,
stung badly. But Razen’s strength put him beyond the realm of special A rank
at this point, so it was hardly worth lamenting. Right now, Razen was
confident he could take Hakuro and Geld, those two enemy monsters he’d
run into earlier, and easily trounce them.
Deep inside, he even had a suspicion that he could challenge a demon
lord, the so-called S ranks. Then he recalled the words of warning Hakuro left
him with.
Have I enraged the one creature in this world I shouldn’t have? That
witch dispatched the monsters’ so-called master long ago, no? He’s…
actually alive?
The suspicion made him stop in his tracks.
Page|174
Goldenagato|  “What?”
“Oh, ah, nothing.”
He immediately started walking again.
…I’m letting my mind paralyze me. Perhaps he is more of a menace than I
thought, but I’m overthinking matters. And even if he did survive that witch, I
can just dispatch him myself.
He smiled boldly as he approached the pavilion where his king awaited.
On the third day, with the sun hanging in the middle of the sky, the nightmare
finally began for the Kingdom of Farmus.
A legion of troops was marching below me—but in my view, they were
nothing but sacrifices to feed upon for my evolution.
These were the ones who got Shion and the rest. Normally, I suppose I
should give some kind of warning or indication that I would attack. But I
already knew these guys had declared war on us, and if they were marching
for town, I imagined they were ready to die for the cause. Besides, this wasn’t
even a war. I was planning to consume every single one of them. Fair and
square kind of lost its meaning if I intended for there to be no survivors.
This human garbage wrecked my territory. The least they could do now
was enjoy the honor of helping with my evolution before dying.
I was hovering in midair, in human form with my mask on and my wings
out. Control Gravity let me unconsciously maintain this position as I peered
downward, gauging the situation.
As I did, Benimaru sent a Thought Communication reporting that the
magical devices running the barrier were destroyed. Hakuro also informed
me of a dangerous sorcerer he’d encountered, but I didn’t see the fuss. I’d
just take care of him alongside the rest. Everyone else was back in town,
staying on the lookout to make sure there weren’t any detached forces. It was
my turn.
It had taken a little time, but Analyze and Assess had wrapped up its work
on the forces below. I now had an accurate picture of their strength and
Page|175
Goldenagato|  numbers, and I had also finished calculations on a new magical spell.
Everything was ready.
…Shall we, then?
I deployed a large-scale magic circle, big enough to cover the entire
Farmus force. It was powered by Anti-Magic Area, a great magic I’d picked
up from Mjurran. It was about thirty miles in diameter, and it couldn’t have
been more perfectly positioned. It covered the entire atmosphere up to ten
feet above the ground, cutting the area off from the sky and the earth. Now
the enemy could cast no magic.
All of this was just to prevent the force from fleeing. I didn’t want to let a
single one of them go, so I blocked any chance of their magically teleporting
away. Now it was time to deploy the main course—a vast killing magic, the
perfect weapon to seal the deal with. It was called:
“Die! May the anger of the gods sear through your very souls! …
Megiddo!!”
Dancing, swirling rays of light rained down from the heavens, repeatedly
reflecting and refracting near the ground and plunging through the knights
before they could react.
There would be no opening bell to signal the beginning of the quiet
massacre.
Usually, a military force in this world would deploy underneath a protective
barrier established by the magical platoon attached to it. This was known as
legion magic, and it put the force on notice against any type of magical
element. The right kind of so-called “nuclear magic” from long range could
change the tide of battle even if there was a lopsided difference in force
involved, so most military marches in this world were done while keeping a
close eye on magic from any number of distances.
Farmus, of course, had made thorough preparations along those lines,
keeping up a stiff guard against all magic it could think of. Considering they
were marching for a nation of monsters (including some that ranked even
Page|176
Goldenagato|  beyond A), they’d be deranged not to.
But none of that prep work had any meaning against my new magic.
Barriers in this world primarily worked on the principle of blocking the
flow of magicules. It required a different approach from resisting the laws of
physics, something I discovered when I analyzed the barrier.
It was simple, if you thought about it. If a barrier could block a heat blast
of thousands of degrees, then what exactly was the barrier doing to resist it?
The aspectual magic of this world worked by intervening into the laws of
physics, through the careful control of magicules. If you wanted to block
such magic, you could just erect a barrier to keep those magicules from
streaming in. Any offense against that barrier would have to outclass it in
strength, or else it couldn’t apply any of its effects beyond the barrier. The
magic would simply fail to set off. Things like Charybdis’s Magic
Interference were applications of this principle.
Elemental magic, on the other hand, rewrote the laws of physics with the
powers of spiritual intervention. It didn’t work on such large scales of force
and distance, and the barrier had been built to block that type of magic as
well. It was a pure test of strength between elementals, which made it easy to
block your opponent if need be. As long as you were prepared for ambushes,
it’d just devolve into an arm-wrestling match.
Really, with any type of magic, it all came down to figuring out the
principle and going beyond it to neutralize the threat. That was why barriers
like these were prepared to deal with just about anything, usually stacking at
least two types of protective layers above each other.
To deal with this, I thought outside the box a little and used magic to
create a pure form of physical energy. Between my experience with
Charybdis and my analysis of Control Magic, I had a general understanding
of how the triggering of magic worked. Getting to see Hinata’s Disintegration
in action was also an inspiration for the final concept. It all allowed me to
have the Great Sage develop a magic effective enough to poke a hole through
every type of defensive magic. I had just finished the final adjustments on it,
and now it was deployed.
Page|177
Goldenagato|  Over a thousand or so droplets of water were floating around me. I had
deployed a dozen-ish large ones up above, shaped like convex lenses. These
droplets gathered the sunlight overhead, honing it into thin rays of light and
refracting it against the mirrorlike droplets below. This focused all the light
upon a single point, where it was then further condensed by the convex-lens
droplets down below me before being channeled toward its target. The
temperature of these thin rays, no more than a pencil’s width in diameter, was
several thousand degrees—more than enough heat to take a person’s life.
The droplets were water elementals I summoned and transformed for my
needs. With my magic, each one of them took in the sun’s energy, refracted
it, and collected it. And that was how Megiddo, my new physically driven
magic spell, worked.
The first wild blast of light led to a helpless death for over one thousand
knights. Their ranks began to fall apart below me—Megiddo was terrorizing
them, or so I hoped. But that wasn’t the end. Optimizing my calculations, I
automatically adjusted the positions of the relevant droplets and set off the
second blast. Another thousand or so fell, unable to resist the searing heat.
That was the really scary thing about this magic, actually—how little
energy it cost me to orchestrate. The convex lens that served as the final
launching point was vaporized every time by the heat, but I could instantly
provide another one. That was what the water elementals were for. And
gathering water vapor from the air didn’t take much work.
Rebuilding a lens took less than half a minute, so it was even possible to
launch a volley of air strikes. All I had to do was gather more water and
adjust my aim. It cost me nothing more than whatever it took to summon
elementals and keep the machine purring—this spell, for the most part, ran on
sunlight, the purest symbol of natural energy. It meant I could use it only
during the daytime, but these forces were kind enough to march upon
Tempest close to high noon. All potential issues had been addressed. Now I
just had to clean up the garbage below me.
The soundless bolts of light-speed force offered the knights no chance to
react as they toasted them. The massacre went on. Magic Sense gave me a
perfect picture of their locations, letting me strike them right where they were
most vulnerable. The only thing their barrier obstructed was magicules, so I
luckily had a clear view of them all.
Whether a mercenary clad in crude leather armor or a knight in
Page|178
Goldenagato|  government-issue metal plate, death came to all equally. Occasionally, I
would deliberately aim a beam at someone’s arm or leg or torso, making
them scream in despair to add to the chaos. It only made the scene more
gruesome. Terror was everywhere now.
What I did not aim for were the fancier wagons and tents. I didn’t know
where the king was. If I killed him, I’d never be able to make him confess his
sins. I wasn’t that  compassionate. Anyone stupid enough to incur my wrath
needed to be amply rewarded for it.
A mere five minutes or so after this one-sided strike began, two-thirds of
the advancing force were out of commission. That meant over ten thousand
lives had been snuffed out by me, their souls harvested.
Now ought to be a good time…
With a flutter of my wings, I descended to Earth, ready to deliver yet
more despair to the fools before me.
When Razen spotted the Anti-Magic Area deployed by the enemy, he was
amazed at the sheer size of it. But he paid it no further mind, instantly
recognizing that it didn’t matter much to them.
Unlike in the Dwarven Kingdom, whose magical forces were the star
player in their offense, Farmus’s magicians were tasked strictly with handling
defense first, followed by strengthening and support spells. Magic that
enhanced the bodies of targets was largely impervious to jamming, which
meant having offensive magic robbed of them was not a major problem. Plus,
they already had assorted legion magic in effect, and dispulsion magic would
be the only way to get rid of that. An Anti-Magic Area made it impossible to
cast any new magic within its range; it had no effect on things already cast.
Razen checked one more time to make sure all their defensive magic was
still operational. It was.
“Hmm. Looks all right. Our enemy is rather confident in their close-range
combat skills, then?”
“Sounds like a job for me. Let me drum up my knights’ morale for a—”
Just when Folgen was replying to the sorcerer’s question, a beam of light
slammed down. Razen could barely comprehend what had happened—not
Page|179
Goldenagato|  just him but everyone in the area. There was a dull ting of impact, and the
guard sentry behind them fell, a tiny round hole right between his eyebrows.
“Ah…?! What was that?”
Razen found himself shouting out in surprise.
“Stand strong! Protect His Highness!!”
Immediately heeding Folgen’s orders, the knights sprang into action,
trying to bottle up their trepidation inside. But it was pointless. That first
beam was just a test firing; what followed was a brilliant, dazzling array of
light.
In the blink of an eye, soldiers began to fall anew. There was no time to
heal them. The beams ran right through their vitals, killing them instantly.
“Gahhh!! My arm—my arm’s…!!”
“Help! Help meeeee!”
“Aaaaaahhh! Where—where’s it coming from?!”
Those unlucky enough to be caught up in firing range cried and begged
for mercy—or fell into panic at the sight of their unresponsive squad mates.
In a single moment, it was pandemonium across the battlefield. Their spirits
were once high, their minds confident in victory—but that was all long gone.
The leader of the Farmus Mercenary Brigades bitterly clucked his tongue.
His old soldiers, all veterans of more than a few intense battles in their
time, were being run through by these beams of light out of nowhere, killed
instantly. The new, younger recruits were running for their lives, driven by
terror and barely in control of their senses. It happened in an instant—the
blinding light dancing around them, everything within range of it dying all
too easily.
Resistance was futile, and after a few moments, the second wave arrived.
He saw his right-hand man, the vice captain of the force, fall before him—
and that finally made the leader realize this was an enemy attack.
Immediately, from the bottom of his heart, he regretted ever joining this
expedition.
Goddamn them all! What the hell is behind this?!
There was nothing he could do to counter this thing that went well beyond
his understanding. But the mercenary leader had luck on his side. The third
merciless wave that visited the squad killed him painlessly. He was a famed
Page|180
Goldenagato|  fighter, lauded as an A-ranked champion to the world, and he lost his life
before he even knew what had happened.
In response to this emergency, the anti-monster Temple Knights affiliated
with the Western Holy Church stuck to their guns.
“All troops, fall into rows! Every group, stand in close defensive
formation and launch your Multilayer Barriers! Show the enemy that no
attack can faze our holy might!!”
They were trained to move like this, instantly reacting despite all the
friends they’d lost. It was a kind of dedication that amazed anyone who saw
it. But just as they built their barriers, firm and confident, they all had their
heads shot through and died.
It was as if someone was ridiculing them from up high, showing them
how useless their defenses were. And staying in close formation wound up
being suicidal. Having so many troops in a tight space allowed one beam to
kill several knights at once.
No faith in the gods above would be strong enough to have any meaning
in the face of Megiddo. By the time the fifth wave subsided, the Temple
Knights were annihilated.
The strong and the weak trembled in unison. There was nothing they
could do. Even the Farmus Noble Knight Federation, that group of hardy
young Farmus noble-born, had collapsed, seeking any kind of escape they
could. They were even attacking one another in a crazed, ugly display—but it
was that ugliness that allowed them to survive the longest. Whether that was
lucky for them or not is a topic for debate.
The magicians among the Noble Knight Federation—Razen’s personal
apprentices—were forced to wallow in their helplessness as they died. They
were unable to cast magic, and instead it was magic being endlessly thrown
upon them. Or was it even magic at all, really? They just didn’t know, and it
pained them.
Even at the very end of their lives, on the brink of death, they were
students. All they wanted to do was know. And they couldn’t.
At the end of light wave number seven, half of them were dead. Razen
Page|181
Goldenagato|  and Folgen stared blankly at the scene for a single moment, then resolved to
regroup with their king and leader.
There was no longer any way to maintain order among the ranks.
Everyone was too busy trying to save their own hides. Their best bet right
now was to hasten over to their king and keep him safe. They still had no idea
what these beams of light were. Even with their intellectual senses turned up
to maximum, it was beyond their grasp. The moment something bright passed
by, someone else was fallen. Even the afterglow took precious time to be
perceived in their minds. The speed of it all was simply unimaginable.
But Razen had another theory about this. By his observation, a single
beam could kill at most a few knights at once. He could tell there was some
set of laws behind this light. If there was a wall, something he could use to
cut off the light, that’s all he would need. Even if it was—worst-case scenario
—a wall of humanity, the king would still be protected. And as for himself?
He was willing to bet he could withstand this light.
So he and Folgen pushed toward the king’s tent, shouting the whole way:
“Where is King Edmaris? Is His Highness safe?!”
King Edmaris was doing everything he could to quell the wellspring of terror
robbing him of his very breath. He had to save his dignity as a monarch at all
costs. His mind raced, his thoughts chaotic.
There was now no denying it: This campaign was a failure. Even if he
wanted to escape alive, developments no longer allowed for that. He just
wanted to scream, How did this happen?! but there was no time for that.
“Reyhiem, what will…? What should we do?”
“We—we must remain calm. We must remain calm!”
The king and the archbishop hugged each other inside their ornate tent,
shivering. An attendant who had stepped outside to gauge the situation—
literally just a moment ago—had already been incinerated.
It wasn’t so long ago that he had seen off the advance forces, waiting for
the knights who would march forth from behind them. They all seemed so
confident, so reliable. He was sure this campaign would end in victory, part
Page|182
Goldenagato|  of the path to glorious honor for him. But a few minutes were all it took to
turn the tables. All it took to fill the fields with the dead.
The sight was so detached from reality that King Edmaris couldn’t even
comprehend how it had happened. All he could do was sit in his tent and
quiver. And Archbishop Reyhiem was exactly the same. He had no interest in
protecting the king—he stayed here simply because he imagined it was safest
for him. He had no proof of that, but he wound up being correct. None of that
merciless light had shone upon them yet.
“Your Highness! Are you all right?”
“Knight Captain Folgen is here for you, my lord!”
“Ah, Folgen! How great it is to see you! And you too, Shogo. Please,
please let us get out of here at once. We must return home and regroup our
forces!”
“Indeed. I have no idea what has occurred. We must leave at once, or we
may be caught up in the carnage as well!”
With two of Farmus’s greatest fighters on hand, King Edmaris could
breathe at least a slight sigh of relief. He ran up to Folgen, practically
clinging to him.
“Now, please, hurry! Where is Razen? We need his teleportation magic if
we want to—”
The ninth wave of light struck.
“Aaaah!!”
The king squatted down, arms covering his head, as his good archbishop
sank to the floor.
“Please, Your Highness, stay calm. Your sorcerer stands right before
you.”
“…Shogo? No, is that…Razen?”
“That is correct, sire.”
“Ah… Ahhh! Oh, Razen, Razen, thank you for coming! Now, please, we
must go home at once!”
“One moment, sire. There are a number of things I wish to report to you,
but for now, I will keep it brief. To put it succinctly, right now, we are unable
to cast magic within this area. We will need to somehow assemble our
knights and use them as shields as we fight our way back to safety.”
“What?!”
“Um, are you sure about this?” Reyhiem ventured. “We have, um, our
Page|183
Goldenagato|  current force numbers…”
“Do not worry, Archbishop,” chimed Folgen. “Thanks to my Spearhead
unique skill, I can force our surviving troops to group together. They will
form a wall of humanity to keep yourself and His Highness safe.”
“Ah, ah, ahhhh, I knew  I could count on you, Folgen!”
“Indeed, I would rather rely on no one else right now, Sir Folgen!”
“Very good. I will relay our status to my men. Prepare to retreat!”
“It shall be done!”
“Yes! Godspeed to you, Sir Folgen!”
Folgen nodded back and ran outside, King Edmaris looking expectantly
on.
“So how should we prepare?” he asked the man who looked for all the
world like Shogo next to him.
Razen nodded and provided the king and Reyhiem two pairs of shoes—
Winged Shoes, magical in nature, which boosted the wearer’s running speed
and reduced their fatigue. Someone well trained in their usage could almost
look like they were flying through the air, but the not-so-battle-hardened king
could not expect that. He would need to run during this retreat, though, so
anything that could make his flight more efficient was a godsend. Even
within the Anti-Magic Area, magic that had already been activated would
continue undisturbed. Razen had confirmed long ago that magic items
weren’t affected at all in one.
“Now, sire—the next time a wave of light strikes, we will make a break
for the exit outside. Are you all right with this, Sir Reyhiem?”
“Yes. I am ready.”
“Understood, Sir Razen!”
They packed only what they needed with them and waited. Soon, the tenth
—and final—bout of dancing light dazzled the battlefield anew.
“Now!”
Under Razen’s signal, the three of them ran off. Outside, the first thing
they saw was Folgen’s broad, burly back. When King Edmaris caught sight
of it, he shouted at his knight captain:
“How is it going?!”
He was ranked beyond A as an otherworlder, a battle-hardened veteran
and the pride of all Farmus. As strongest in the nation, the proud Folgen was
one of King Edmaris’s closest confidants and a man he knew he could always
Page|184
Goldenagato|  trust. But Folgen offered him no answer.
“Folgen? Folgen, what is wrong? Answer me!”
Fear, confusion, and anger intermixed in his voice as the king slapped the
knight captain on the shoulder. Then, in a single motion, the large, monolithic
frame tilted and fell to the ground. A closer look revealed a hole in both his
temples, running in a straight line from right to left. It was burned through,
instantly cauterizing the wound and preventing much in the way of blood
loss.
“Ee, ee, eeaaahhhhhhhh!!”
The king let out a loud yelp of terror, lost his footing, and practically
crawled back into the tent. His choice of stance meant his Winged Shoes
went to waste, as he demonstrated not even a shade of regal dignity. A warm
liquid dripped out from his crotch as he sobbed, eyes and nose dripping like a
faucet. And as they did, he knew: He was going to die. If he stayed here, he
was dead.
Even as he tried to flee in terror, he kept falling down, his legs failing
him. But there was no one there to notice. The knights who Folgen had called
together had been wiped out with the tenth wave. Anyone still surviving had
lost their sense of reason, too focused on saving themselves. Order and
discipline were a thing of the past. The knights could easily boast of being the
mightiest military power of the Western Nations, but now they were
powerless, lowlier than a disorderly mob.
All of them now tasted their powerlessness in equal measure. The terror
should only have been expected. In a single instant, the absolute superiority
over monsters they enjoyed had collapsed into a heap.
The feel of the battle had now changed.
The soldiers, running amok in all directions, stopped moving, their eyes
turning toward a single point in the sky. King Edmaris was among them.
The cause of this scourge was there, a human figure flying down from
above with its bat-like black wings. It was not that tall, and the mask it wore
had a clear crack that made it almost look like it was crying. It had on a
kimono of pure black, giving it a beautiful, almost divine look. The only
obvious weapon was a straight blade slung at its waist—shockingly light gear
for a battle like this—but the drive and ambition that oozed from its every
Page|185
Goldenagato|  pore provided all the explanation needed to overturn common sense. It
proved that even the most elite of Farmus’s forces were worthy of a fate no
better than a bug’s, crushed under the heel of this figure as if it took a
leisurely stroll across the park.
The instincts of every witness on the scene told them all the same thing. Is
that a demon…? No, it…
…It’s a demon lord!
Now, finally, King Edmaris realized the greatest mistake he had made. He
should never have prodded this wasp’s nest. He should have forged formal
relations with them, the way the kingdom of Blumund had. That outfit—and
that beautiful, fetching cloth it was made from. And that appearance—that
presence. This was surely the leader of the nation.
So Hinata, that witch from the Holy Church, failed after all?!
The conclusion made King Edmaris’s face turn pale. But perhaps, the
terror had gone so far past its limits that he had cycled back into calmness.
He had the capacity to think now. That witch was lauded as the most
powerful in the Western Nations. She was tasked with defeating the master of
the monster kingdom, and that master was now flitting in the air above him.
He had never heard of that cold, calculating witch ever failing to execute her
orders before.
The voice of a dumbfounded Razen echoed in his ears.
“The master…of the monster nation?! You…you were truly alive all this
time…?”
Realizing that his chief sorcerer was of the same mind convinced the king
once and for all. The witch had failed. And, he saw now, the monster before
them had more than enough strength to make that happen.
But that could wait. This monster bore the appearance, the air of a demon
lord. Which meant, perhaps…
What do I do? How can I survive this?!
King Edmaris racked his brain. Then, like a flash of light, an idea
appeared.
This might be our best chance! I am a king, a monarch. If I can phrase
this to sound like I’ve come to negotiate, I’m sure he will listen to me. The
report said he was soft, an easy mark!
It seemed like a brilliant idea. It was not. It was the opposite of that, and it
made his thoughts veer in ever more terrifying directions.
Page|186
Goldenagato|  If he’s willing to happily negotiate with a tiny little speck like Blumund,
why, he’ll prostrate himself before me when he hears the king of the great
land of Farmus speaking to him!
He was failing to read the situation, reasoning with himself strictly based
on what he hoped would happen…but that didn’t matter to him. He simply
clung to the shallow desire to return home and prepare a counterattack. And it
made him take action, instead of realizing how full of wishful thinking his
head was.
Once I was ten feet above the ground, I realized how utterly razed the whole
area was. It was exactly what I had pictured and calculated out with the Great
Sage, mind you, but even I wondered a bit if I’d gone too far.
…Wait. No. Can’t let my mind waver over something like this.
The survivors who spotted me sank to the ground in fear.
“Aaah, help, help me!”
I could hear what sounded like people pleading for their lives. I gave each
of them a shot between their eyes for their trouble.
It did take some time to get used to things, but now I could control the
beams of light like second nature. The key was in the angle of refraction. You
could fire all you wanted for the barest minimum of energy. Focusing your
heat source on a single point cooked it up to several thousand degrees, and
that was more than enough to take down a man or two.
Once I grasped the concept, I could always strike from the most optimal
angle whenever I wanted. There’s a slight time lag to deal with, but we’re
essentially talking the speed of light, so you can’t dodge it once you see it. I
could fire it from six thousand miles away, and it’d still take about 0.034
seconds to find its target. Far faster than a human being could obtain the
visual information and transmit it via the nervous system to their brain.
I couldn’t control and aim it with any accuracy without the computations
of the Great Sage. Gotta give the guy a hand. It made me realize all over
again how amazing it was. If someone fired this on me at close range, I’d
have trouble evading it even with the Sage’s help. I could comprehend what
it was the moment I caught sight of it, so maybe I could just barely get out of
Page|187
Goldenagato|  the way in time…but it’d probably come down to luck.
For humans, there was just no chance. And when the tenth wave was
launched, I heard a certain voice for the first time in a while.
Confirmed. The unique skill Merciless is…successfully obtained.
It wasn’t the Great Sage but the World Language, popping in after a long
hiatus.
Uh, dude, I really don’t need that skill. I know I have it and all now, but
still. But just as I was about to check what it did, someone down there started
shouting at me.
“W-wait! Wait! Are you the master of this domain? I am Edmaris,
supreme ruler of the Kingdom of Farmus! Bow before me, for we have
matters to discuss!”
It was some scruffy-looking old man.
Addressing me at a time like this, he was either brave or just a reckless
fool. His crotch was all wet, which made me assume he had pissed himself at
some point. Between all the tears, snot, and spittle on his face, he probably
had seen better days. And this was a king? What a joke.
“Oh? You a body double or something? Don’t worry. I won’t lay a hand
on the real thing.”
I was just about to open fire on him, not wanting to waste my time on
idiots like this, but something stopped me. What if he is the real thing?
“That—-that is no body double!”
Huh? Someone else now, just as old and even seedier-looking.
“It is not! I swear it by my name as Reyhiem, archbishop of the Western
Holy Church!”
Taking a closer look, neither of this pair appeared to be knights. Their
clothing was too ornate for that. Whew! That was close. They were more
“real” than I thought—but let’s check, just in case.
“All right. Well, I’m gonna kill everybody except for you—you’re
definitely sure there’s not some other real king around here?”
“I am the one and true ruler of my realm! But…but everyone?”
“Eep! W-wait, wait! At—at least spare my life as well, please! I wield
great power within the Holy Church bureaucracy. I will gladly testify before
Page|188
Goldenagato|  all of them that not one  of you is an enemy to mankind!”
The seedy-looking guy who called himself Archbishop Reyhiem was
practically praying to me. It’s not like sparing him would change matters
much, but maybe I could use him somehow… And he definitely seemed
important, for sure. Let’s keep him alive for now.
Which left the other one…
I gave him a quick glance. The man who called himself the king instantly
noticed. “W-wait!” he prattled. “I told you—we have matters to discuss!”
Well, all right. I have a positive ID now. Let’s hear him out.
“What matters are those, old man? I’ll listen to what you got.”
It was a nice show of generosity on my part, I thought. But the guy took it
as an invitation to shout his head off at me.
“H-how dare you! Such rudeness! I am the leader of the great Kingdom of
Farmus! Normally, I would never even deign to speak to the likes of you.
Now I’ve granted you that right, and that  is how you treat me? …But very
well. This time, I shall—”
Then I shot his arm off.
I dunno—I guess the scope of his utter delusion grated on my nerves. I
really had no reason to be courteous to him. I save the politeness only for
people who sincerely return the favor to me. That much applied whether this
guy was a king or not. Plus, was now really  the time for him to act all high
and mighty?
I guess he didn’t get the situation he was in, so I just wanted to open his
eyes without killing him in the process. I took pains to avoid that, really—I
even used Dark Flame to sear the wound and prevent excessive blood loss.
Like, he was probably gonna die a painful death anyway…but that wasn’t my
job. I was kind of hoping Shion could handle that for me. She’d be the one
with the real grudge.
“Now, will you look at me when you’re talking? Don’t get all carried
away just because I’m being nice. You are allowed to speak. Get to it.”
All he did at first was blankly stare at the stump where his right forearm
used to be. He realized what it meant at the same time the pain struck home.
“Gaaahhhhhhhhh!!”
He started rolling around on the ground, screaming. Um, what did they
call him again? A national hero, the ever-proud something or other? I was
finding it hard to equate that great-sounding guy with the old dude in front of
Page|189
Goldenagato|  me. I still wasn’t sure he was truly a king, but nobody else in the area looked
like they’d fit the bill. I told him I was going to kill everybody besides the
king, and there were no other claimants to the title stepping up, soooo…
Guess I’ll just go with this guy as the king for now. As I settled on this, it
began to seem like the man’s pained screaming was starting to make the
anger within me subside. But if this dude died on me, the potential rebound in
my anger level honestly scared me a bit. I had to be very careful not to kill
him.
“Look, did you have something to say or not? If you just wanted to show
me your interpretive dance, that’s great, but I’ve had enough.”
The statement made him open and close his mouth like a fish, desperately
struggling to say something. I guess the terror and pain made it impossible to
find his voice. This was getting really troublesome. Ah well. Just for a bit,
let’s make him forget the pain. I grabbed the man by the hair, lifted his head
upward, and peered into his eyes.
“You get one chance,” I threatened through the mask. “There’s no next
time, got it?”
That was enough to make the guy freeze in place, nodding furiously.
Enough to make him regain his wits, I guess. Or maybe I just scared him so
badly that it paralyzed all his senses. He was still having trouble with
articulation, but now the words were coming out freely.
“This…this is all a misunderstanding! It all began with a
misunderstanding. I only came here to form friendly relations with this land.
Did you find the force I brought along with me n-not to your tastes? They
were here to guarantee my safety, and I merely brought them along out of
hopes that I may gain an…an audience with you!”
“Huh? You declare war on us out of nowhere,” I coldly spat out at this
pile of bullshit, “and that’s the nonsense you conjure up for me? The moment
I lost friends in that battle, you all became my enemy.”
But the guy didn’t give up. “W-wait!” he shouted, talking even faster than
before. “You’re wrong. That’s where the misunderstanding lies. The Western
Holy Church saw all monsters as enemies, so I wanted to see for myself if it
was worth attempting to make peace with you! And then the otherworlders
we deployed here went out of control on us. I—I was tricked as well! I had
no idea those miscreants were as dangerous as they proved to be. But what a
stroke of luck! Now I know for a fact that your nation houses brave fighters
Page|190
Goldenagato|  capable of defeating those menaces. A country with such wonderful heroes at
its disposal certainly passes muster with me! I, er, my nation would be glad to
forge formal relations with yours! Wouldn’t that be wonderful? A great
honor, if I say so myself! Farmus is a mighty power, unlike Blumund and the
other small fry. Wouldn’t aligning with us put you in a much more prominent
position? It would put our government at ease, and you would gain powerful
backup from our forces. I could even introduce you to the Council at some
point. We could both stand to profit greatly from this, no? I mean, I will need
to ask for fair reparations to cover for the military losses we’ve incurred, but I
truly think this has been a powerful lesson for the both of us. So how about
it? You will accept, will you not?”
Uh… Wow, is this guy a genius or what? How much does he need to talk
down at me, making me as uncomfortable as possible, until he’s happy? And
why’s he working under the assumption that I’d gladly pay him anything?
Does he really want to piss me off that much, just so he can taste more pain
during his inevitable death? Is he one of those?
Unaware of my confusion, the old man just kept on talking, up to the end.
Right. Let’s take off his right leg to shut him up.
He started screaming, but I had taken pains to keep him alive again, so I
let him be. No need to cauterize the wound or anything; I just cast Dark
Flame to burn off the relevant blood vessels, so nothing came out. A pretty
useful way to keep someone alive, I thought.
I then realized things had grown awfully quiet around us. I scanned the
field, only to find the remaining soldiers kowtowing before me, too awed by
the horror to do anything else. They had watched this whole exchange with
bated breath, and seeing our talks get (literally) cut off filled them with
despair. Some of them were half praying, half pleading for their lives, giving
the proceedings a suddenly tragic air.
Sadly, there was no point in pleading now. My normally generous heart
had been fully drawn over by the scrawls of rage. And I had just happened to
finish analyzing that Merciless skill I got. Turned out it allowed me to seize
the souls of anyone begging for their lives or seeking help from me. In other
words, if they ever lost the will to fight, it meant death for them. It didn’t
seem to have a vast range of uses, really, but something told me it’d help out
a bunch right now.
Page|191
Goldenagato|  Question. Use the unique skill Merciless?
Yes
No
If I had accumulated the necessary number of souls to evolve into a true
demon lord, I could have always left these guys alive. But, sadly, it looked
like I still didn’t have quite enough.
YES, I thought. My heart was calm. There was no pain, no real sense of
guilt I could find lurking in some corner. And an instant later, everyone
except for Reyhiem and that guy with him (whom I had specifically defined
as out of range) was exposed to the tyranny of Merciless. The knights all fell,
unable to pose any resistance, and with that, the nearly ten thousand soldiers
still alive all breathed their last.
Merciless, huh…? You’re damn right it is. It was safe to merely fear me, I
guess, but the moment I fully broke their hearts, I could launch it. It was like
they just handed their souls to me on a silver platter. I was free to choose
whether I let them live or die—and if I let them off the hook, they came back
home, and then they started plotting revenge against me, I could flip the
switch on their lives any time I wanted.
Plus, the real surprise when I used this was that it worked even on the
soldiers already fleeing me. It applied to everyone I had identified as an
enemy at the beginning—in other words, everybody I watched over, up there
in the sky. I know I talked a big game about “killing everybody,” but even I
expected to lose some of the more prudent ones who decided to ditch this
scene early. They were fleeing in all directions, too much of a hassle to track
down one by one—but the moment I launched Merciless, the survivor count
reached zero.
Just crush an opponent’s heart, and the fight’s over. Whoa. Maybe this is
more useful than I thought. I have a feeling I’ll be tapping it again in the
future.
The waves of chaos and terror that permeated the battlefield neatly
dissipated. I had made all the pain and fear go away, which I suppose was
one way of showing a little mercy—even if it meant my two survivors were
Page|192
Goldenagato|  about to experience even more pain and fear.
Then the World Language echoed anew.
Report. Checking the number of souls required for evolution…
Confirmed. The required conditions have been met. The Harvest
Festival will now begin.
As the voice rang through my mind, I could feel vast amounts of power
suddenly flow away from my body. Whether I wanted it to or not, my body
was transforming, rebuilding itself. I was becoming a true demon lord—one
recognized as such not just by me but by the very world itself.
My body fell lifelessly to the ground, reverting to slime form.
Oh crap. I could barely keep my eyes open. Like, this wasn’t gonna just
be a nap or anything. I was freakin’ exhausted.
My vision was starting to fade around me, which I assumed was because
Magic Sense was starting to falter. I was even getting dizzy. I mean, yeah,
they said I’d have to go through evolution and stuff, but I was seriously
worried that my consciousness would fly away from me. I sure as hell didn’t
want to sleep in this field full of stinking corpses.
Let’s get back to town. I still have my two conspirator friends safely
captured here. My mission was accomplished. There was no harm in
returning to Tempest.
As I tried to console myself with that thought, Magic Sense picked up
something. A single person. If they were still alive, it meant I hadn’t broken
their heart yet. Better be careful. God, as tired as I am, and there’s still
someone left…? I gotta do something about this fatigue—
Report. Once triggered, the Harvest Festival cannot be halted.
Well, shit. I’m, like, in real trouble, aren’t I?!
Hurriedly, I called for Ranga. Lucky thing I had him in my shadow, just in
case.
Page|193
Goldenagato|  “Ranga, you there?”
“Yes, my master.”
He was! Nice. He appeared smoothly out from his hiding place. Seeing
him offered so much new promise for me. I sighed contentedly.
“Ranga, this is a top-priority order. Keep me safe and carry me back to
town! And bring these two people along, too. Tell everyone there they are not
to be touched, and definitely make sure nobody tries to kill them. You can ask
Kabal’s crew or whoever to take care of them until I wake up.”
Oop. Here we go. I was now having serious trouble keeping my mind
together. Spatial Motion would’ve gotten me there faster, but I was afraid I’d
blow myself up if I tried it now.
“Yes, Master. What should I do with the surviving enemy?”
Oh. He must’ve noticed, too. I had to think about it. There was someone
there, pretending to be dead. Merciless told me after I used it that there were
no survivors. So did this guy die then come back to life? It meant his soul
was still safe in there. I couldn’t treat this lightly.
Ranga would probably win, I imagined, but I opted for a more careful
approach. Safety first and all that. But just turning tail and fleeing didn’t
seem right, and it’d be a pain if this foe decided to give chase.
So I chose to summon some demons, who’d hopefully at least delay my
foe for a while. It’d really suck if word about Megiddo got out—it worked
best only if the adversary wasn’t aware of it—but my safety had to take
priority.
“I will leave that to the others. They will bring the foe to you if they can
capture them. Meet up with them for me.”
“I shall, Master!”
I pooled together what little mental power I had left. Dispelling the Anti-
Magic Area, I worked to summon a demon, offering the piles of corpses
spread before me. I thought about using Glutton to eat them, but it wasn’t like
they’d have any useful skills or anything.
There was no telling what kind of demon would result, but hopefully it
wouldn’t be a waste of twenty thousand bodies. It was exactly the kind of
thing a selfish demon lord would do, I suppose, but it was the thought that
counted. I hope.
“Come to me, demon! I have something for you to eat, so…come on up
and serve me now!”
Page|194
Goldenagato|  I sounded like I was trying to call my dog back from the yard. It was such
a hassle to stay conscious that I could barely even pull off the summon
correctly. Any demon willing to get summoned with something like that  must
be one damn curious idiot.
But maybe I shouldn’t have let such passing thoughts bother me. In a
moment, three demons were there on the field. Just three? And here I thought
thirty or so bodies were enough to summon a Greater Demon. Thousands of
times that, and three is all I get. Ugh.
Well, at least they’re Greater Demons, ranked A-minus. Certainly no trio
of monsters to sniff at. Plus, I did kind of pluck the souls out of all these
corpses.
Ugh. Daaamn. I had never felt so wasted since I came to this world. My
head barely even worked now. I wasn’t so sure these guys could find this
enemy, this needle in a haystack. But whatever.
“Hey. Guys. There’s someone hiding here, pretending to be dead. Capture
them alive and bring ’em to Ranga here.”
Three Greater Demons, bossed around by a slime. To an outsider, it
must’ve been a surreal sight. I couldn’t help but marvel at it. I was getting
deliriously loopy as the dizziness grew. Simply keeping my body together
was getting tough.
I needed to get somewhere safe…
“Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee. The birth of a new demon lord! Quite an old
sensation but a familiar one. What a truly wonderful day! Such an offering—
and the very first order from our lord, no less. This is such an honor; I
couldn’t possibly be more enthusiastic about this. Would it be all right to
continue serving you in the future?”
Page|195
Goldenagato|  Page|196
Goldenagato|  I suppose one of the demons was greeting me, but I was so out of it that I
didn’t even recognize half of it.
“We’ll talk later. Just prove you can be helpful to me first. Go.”
That was all I could sputter out.
“It shall surely be done. Do not worry for a moment, O great Master…”
I ignored the trio as they kindly saluted me, my mind being enfolded in
the darkness. This was my first bout of full unconsciousness in this world—
the Initiation, if you will; the sleep that predated the evolution…
…and the birth of a new demon lord.
Page|197
Goldenagato|  Page|198
Goldenagato|  Page|199
Goldenagato|  CHAPTER 5
THE UNLEASHED
After Rimuru set off for battle, the residents of the town assembled in the
central plaza and began to pray. It wasn’t out of sentiment, but for real work
reasons. Shuna was commanding them, as part of her efforts to keep the
barrier up.
The stronger ones were set in place so they could better protect the fringes
of town, out of concern for intruders. At the same time, Shuna released a
stream of magical force within the barrier, boosting the number of magicules
in the air.
All of them had a firm grasp of their role—and all were deadly serious
about carrying it out.
In the middle of the plaza, the bodies of Shion and the other victims were
laid to rest, kept in good condition by Shuna’s magic. There was a throne in
the middle for Rimuru, an enshrinement site for his demon lord–evolution
ceremony. The hope was that performing the evolution as close to the victims
as possible would make it that much more likely they’d be resurrected.
The townspeople surrounded the whole site—Shuna among them,
standing next to Mjurran. And as she stood there, Shuna couldn’t help but
think: Rimuru seemed to care a great deal about being a former human…but
that’s such a trivial issue. To Shuna and everyone else, soul-to-soul
connections mattered the most, and the connection she shared with him gave
her an absolute sense of security. She wished Rimuru would realize that as
well. The eternal euphoria he provided filled her soul, nourishing it. If that
went away and Rimuru disappeared, she thought it might drive her crazy. Just
Page|200
Goldenagato|  imagining it produced such a profound sense of loss that she shivered.
“Sir Rimuru,” she whispered. “As long as we have him, that’s all that
matters. But even missing one of us could upset his mental balance greatly.”
Benimaru, just back to the plaza, nodded at this. It made sense to him. The
transformation that the usually gregarious Rimuru made, he was convinced,
might impact that balance heavily. To him, he wanted to believe that life
would go back to what it was someday.
“I just hope he doesn’t turn into a different person as a demon lord. Going
berserk on us…”
With the barrier destruction work done, all of them—Benimaru, Soei,
Hakuro, Geld, Rigur, Gobzo, even Gabil—were now surrounding the throne.
That was on Rimuru’s orders; he’d asked them to kill him at once, should he
lose all sense of reason and turn into an uncontrollable beast up there. No
matter what, they wanted to keep that from happening—all of them.
“It’s because you keep on sleeping there, Shion,” Benimaru whispered
before returning to his prayers. “Just wake up already…”
His faith wasn’t in some god up above. It was in a single slime. That faith
had never betrayed him before, and it shouldn’t this time. Everyone believed
that; no one doubted it.
Just then:
Report. The individual Rimuru Tempest’s Harvest Festival is about
to begin. Upon its completion, all monsters in his genealogy will
receive their due gifts.
The World Language echoing in the hearts of every monster gathered in
town sent a shock wave of tension across the land. Everything had gone as
planned; Rimuru had successfully crushed the invading force and begun his
evolution. Now it was everyone else’s turn to pitch in.
“Brace yourselves! Our master is victorious. Now is the time for us to
wield our own powers!”
Everyone on hand voiced their approval of Benimaru’s words. Things had
begun to move. Losing Shion and the rest could very well destroy Rimuru’s
heart forever. They all needed to do everything they could right now to
prevent that.
Page|201
Goldenagato|  After some time, Rimuru returned, carefully ferried over on Ranga’s back.
As directed, he was taken to the throne and laid to rest.
Benimaru took this moment to think about what he would ask Rimuru
when he awoke, to ensure he was still in full grasp of his reason.
“All right,” he’d suggested at the conference earlier, “I will ask you,
‘What do you think of Shion’s cooking?’”
“Sure,” Rimuru had muttered. “And then I’ll say it’s shitty, right? How’d
you come up with that  question? Is that really the best thing to ask…?”
It had been Benimaru’s idea, of course. He hadn’t forgotten about how he
was always having her latest creations tested out on him—and the boundless
pain and suffering that resulted. But now…if Shion could listen to that
conversation and it enraged her enough to wake her up…they could hope for
nothing more. Beyond that, all they had to do was carry out the duties they’d
discussed earlier.
And that was why Benimaru missed it. He was too worked up with
performing the procedure exactly as planned to think at all about what these
“gifts” might be. But even that  was quietly beginning its preparations, ready
to manifest itself in reflection of his subconscious thoughts…
Rimuru was in a deep sleep. His consciousness was gone; he was an
irregular, unresolved blob, not even able to retain his usual streamlined form.
And there, in the deep, deep darkness beyond the reaches of Rimuru’s
consciousness:
Report. The Harvest Festival has begun. Your bodily structure will
be reconstructed in order to evolve you into a new species.
Confirmed. Super-evolution from type “slime” to type “demon
slime”…successful. All bodily attributes have been greatly enhanced.
The material and spiritual bodies are now freely transformable.
Page|202
Goldenagato|  Intrinsic skills Infinite Regeneration, Control Magic, Multilayer Barrier,
Universal Detect, Universal Shapeshift, Lord’s Ambition, Enhanced
Replication, Spatial Motion, Darkflame Lightning, and Universal
Thread acquired. Reacquiring resistances…completed. Cancel Pain,
Resist Melee Attack, Cancel Natural Elements, Cancel Ailments,
Resist Spiritual Attack, and Resist Holy Attack acquired. Evolution is
now complete.
Then, as if responding to its master’s command, the unique skill Great
Sage—which never demonstrated having a sense of self before—requested its
own evolution.
Report. Re-executing skill acquisition requested earlier. Unique skill
Great Sage attempting evolution… Failed.
Failed.
…Re-executing.
Failed.
…Re-executing.
Failed.
………
……
…
—ENDLESS—
Report. Unique skill Great Sage attempting evolution, using
Deviant as a sacrifice… Successful. Unique skill Great Sage has
evolved into Raphael, Lord of Wisdom.
The Great Sage attempted it without sacrificing anything several hundred
million times—and then, after a trial-and-error process that seemed like it
would last for all of time…
Page|203
Goldenagato|  …it obtained its Harvest Festival gift—conquering, and evolving, into an
ultimate skill , the loftiest height possible in the world.
The chances of this working were thought to be so small that it wasn’t
even worth considering. It almost seemed like a reward provided for the
infinite effort involved with the attempt. Succeeding made it more likely that
it could carry out its master’s request, but the supposedly soulless conceptual
intelligence bore no happiness. It could never understand emotion.
But—despite the lack of emotion, the lack of happiness—somehow, it felt
fulfilled. And then, with its evolved skill, it carried out its master’s request
once more. The way it acted, working incessantly to make its master’s
dreams come true, could even be…
The evolution continued.
Glutton consumed Merciless to become Belzebuth, Lord of Gluttony,
perfectly honed to more effectively handle its master’s desires. There, deep in
an abyss beyond what Rimuru’s soul could detect, the skill softly, deeply
evolved itself—all to make his own dreams come true.
But the Harvest Festival still wasn’t over.
The gifts meant to celebrate Rimuru’s evolution were passed out to
everyone who had been named by or evolved from him. A raucous festival,
indeed—a gift for the one who had evolved from demon lord seedling to true
demon lord. And the party was just getting started.
Razen lay in hiding, concealing himself with all his might.
He was lucky to have died once back there. Having fully commandeered
Shogo’s skills, he was brought back to life over time by Survivor. Before his
brain could even comprehend the unbelievable events taking place before
him, his instincts understood and made the right call. They told him: Here
was a foe who no one in human form could ever beat. Folgen, his sworn
friend, was rendered helpless and killed—not even able to stand before the
monster, much less shield King Edmaris.
Page|204
Goldenagato|  He wanted to go and rescue his king but stopped himself, knowing that
going right now would be a waste of life. So he kept his breath low, playing
possum until the masked magic-born left the scene, looking for all the world
like a demon lord. He had no access to magic and was facing an attack he
couldn’t identify, so fleeing would be difficult in itself.
Just as he came up with this idea, several thousand soldiers died around
him. If he moved right now, he’d just be targeted and shot down. It wouldn’t
kill him, but attracting that monster’s interest wasn’t a good idea. So he chose
to wait and see what unfolded, hoping it’d boost his survival chances at least
a little bit.
Then he saw—and felt—it. The fear. Even Razen, with his intrinsic
resistance to the emotion, was stricken with terror at the sight. Nearly ten
thousand surviving soldiers had their lives snuffed out in a single instant.
He had never seen anything like that in his long life. This was beyond
anything a champion or otherworlder could pull off. Even if he had a
cornucopia of unique skills to choose from, he could never beat that monster.
Calamity-class, indeed. Razen had thought of himself as equivalent to a
demon lord in strength, but now he knew that was just wishful thinking.
What is that monster? he asked himself. I’ve never heard of such a
thing… Isn’t the leader of the monster nation a slime?
His own heart didn’t break, for the simple fact that he was so driven to
save the king he was loyal to. But Razen’s sole desire was not to be fulfilled.
His presence had already been detected.
Had he resigned himself to death and attempted a kamikaze charge,
maybe he could’ve defeated that monster if he was lucky. He wouldn’t have
killed the thing, but he might’ve been able to save his king from the jaws of
death. But Razen was too careful. And there were already plans for him.
A large wolflike monster was summoned to the scene, gingerly carrying
the monster (which had turned from a human form into a slime) in its mouth.
Using a pair of forked tails, it snatched up King Edmaris and Archbishop
Reyhiem, placing them on its back before running off at extraordinary speed.
All that remained were three Greater Demons.
Seeing the fearsome masked magic-born turn into a slime, Razen was
both surprised and oddly convinced. I knew it. That really was their master.
Page|205
Goldenagato|  And deploying such great magic spells, one after the other, would easily
exhaust his magical energies. If he summoned those demons to serve as
bodyguards, then perhaps I will have a chance at rescuing the king…
He was half-right. The demons—in particular, that  demon—had been
summoned. To that one, Razen was nothing more than prey. A poor, forlorn
piece of prey, left to live only so this demon could carry out his summoner’s
request and be amply rewarded for it.
Figuring he could beat these three demons, Razen rose up from the
shadows cast by the dead. Fortunately for him, the masked magic-born
canceled the Anti-Magic Area as it cast the demon summon. Now Razen
could fight with his full force. Whether they were ranked A or not, there was
no way he could lose to only three Greater Demons.
Stretching out his body, he attempted to silently sneak up from behind one
of them—only to find that the other two were already standing before him.
“…Oh? Spatial Motion, eh? I suppose you’ve all been serving as Greater
Demons for quite a long time.”
The two demons didn’t answer him. They showed no signs of movement
—they were ordered only to confine him for the demon who was leisurely
walking up to the wizard.
Now that demon was alone, in front of Razen.
“Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh. Done with your stretching? In that case, it is time
to capture you. If you wish to resist, go right ahead. I will not kill you, but I
am not prohibited from tormenting you…”
The demon flashed a twisted, beautiful smile, its gender unclear as it
addressed Razen.
“Oh? You’re here to take me on?”
“Take you on? Hee-hee-hee. Quite an amusing joke.”
“What are you calling a joke, you putrid demon?!”
“Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh. Very good,” the demon whispered, its expression
still twisted. “This should be quite a bit of fun. Allow me to join you in a bit
of post-meal calisthenics.”
Its smile was terror itself for anyone witnessing it—terror welling up from
the root of the soul.
It looked toward the sky. Razen snorted at the creature. It thinks it’s so
Page|206
Goldenagato|  clever, trying to feint me with its eyes.
“Enough of your lip! Nuclear Cannon!”
Utilizing a spell he had precast earlier to save time, he used a simple
trigger to set off his last resort. This method, however, ran the risk of an
accidental discharge, meaning only wizards and similarly powerful magicians
could execute it. The effect, however, was massive. Avoiding the casting
time that was the central weakness of any magic-user was huge. From the
get-go, Razen was doing what he needed for victory.
The magic he chose was of the nuclear-attack type, the greatest and most
sinister of the aspectual magics. Against people, it was the strongest magic in
the world. Demons required physical bodies in order to manifest themselves;
destroy theirs and Razen was in the clear. They wouldn’t be gone for good,
but they’d no longer be able to interact with this world. And before the
intense heat this cannon produced, no demon could long continue to exist.
As far as Razen was concerned, victory was his at this point. But the
white-hot rays from his surefire magic were bent away before they could
reach the raised left hand of the demon, zooming straight toward a certain
point in the sky.
“It…misfired? Dah, not now, of all…?!”
With magic prepared in advance like this, there was a very slim chance
that the spell would lose its force and fail upon casting. Razen assumed this
was what happened, at the worst time possible for him. He sulkily glared at
the demon as he jumped backward and away.
“Hmm? That was an impressive piece of magic.”
“What did you say?! It’s pointless if the effect of it doesn’t work.”
“Ah. I see. If by ‘effect’ you mean you intended it to defeat me, I would
advise you that relying upon magic will not achieve this for you.”
The demon seemed almost eerily confident as it addressed Razen. It got
on his nerves greatly, but not even Razen could shake off the faint sense of
impending doom in his mind.
“Oh, now  you’ve said it! In that case, how about this one? Summon Spirit:
War Gnome! Come to me, great spirit of the earth’s foundations!”
This was Razen’s trump card, the most powerful summon magic he had
on hand, and he was ready to fight with it. He had summoned a high-level
spirit, one ranked well beyond A. Only a Champion-level opponent would
give this all-powerful creature any difficulty. A Greater Demon was no
Page|207
Goldenagato|  problem at all.
Replying to Razen’s call, the earth began to well up, forming the shape of
a knight in solid-looking armor. Sensing the terrific force behind it, Razen
finally began to feel confident and relieved. With a spirit of this caliber, he
could even take on Arch Demons, the legendary creatures that ranked even
above Greater Demons.
If that magic hadn’t failed to activate, I wouldn’t have had to break this
out… But this demon irks me. I have a bad feeling about this. Best not to let
my guard down here…
With this, Razen thought, no matter how much this opponent unnerved
him, he’d be just fine. He intended this magic to mow down not just the
demon before him but the other two behind him. Then he could finally set off
to rescue King Edmaris.
But:
“I see; I see. Certainly, demons are strong against angels, angels against
spirits, and spirits against demons. If selecting based on this three-way
relationship, calling for a high-level spirit was the correct response.
However…”
Even before the War Gnome Razen summoned, the demon was
completely unfazed.
“…it is too young.”
When did it even move? Even with his senses turned up to maximum,
Razen couldn’t trace the demon’s actions fast enough. A large hole opened
up in the knight’s strong crystalline armor as a beautiful hand sliced through
the spirit’s core, grabbed it, tossed it in its mouth, and chomped down upon it
with a frightful crunch.
“There, you see?” The demon snickered at Razen. “It lacks experience
that can only be accumulated over years. A puppet like that, nothing but pure
strength, is a pushover for me.”
“You’re kidding! That was a spirit! A greater spirit!!”
Having his trump card killed instantly put Razen in a state of near panic.
Every fiber of his brain told him this was impossible. It just made no sense. A
spirit easily the equal of a Greater Demon, not only facing difficulty but
being wiped out in one shot.
“Enough magic,” the demon said kindly as Razen stewed. “I would like to
test out more this body my summoner provided me, so let’s use a different
Page|208
Goldenagato|  tactic this time.”
The demon snapped its fingers, triggering a magic spell. For over a mile
in radius around him, an Anti-Magic Area appeared.
“Now magic is no longer available to you. Feel free to attack me with
your preferred physical strikes.”
Razen struggled to understand this. Huh? Why did it shut off the magic?
Magic is any demon’s most powerful weapon… And it cast a great magic
with no ritual? No spell chanting?! …Ah, but now’s not the time to think
about that!
Shaking off the cobwebs, Razen stood on his toes, steeling himself. With
Shogo’s body in hand, all of the otherworlder’s karate skills were his.
“Hnh!!”
With a light exhale, he focused himself and fired a fist at the demon,
backing it up with a flurry of kicks. The Berserker unique skill let him pack
the greatest punch possible, firing away at the demon with speed impossible
to catch with the naked eye. It was a torrent of punches, a rain of kicks that
could chop a large tree in two, and soon, they did their damaging work on the
defenseless demon—
…Wait! No!
Every attack was neatly and cleanly dodged, as if all this was a pre-
orchestrated karate demonstration. The demon wasn’t defenseless at all. It
was weaving its way through every strike, using skills far beyond what Razen
had access to.
Now, for the first time, Razen understood. He was too afraid to notice it at
first, but now he was forced to accept it. The demon standing before him. The
golden eyes and crimson pupils. The pale skin. The beautiful black hair, the
streaks of red and gold within. The way it looked, unlike most demons, so
close to a human being.
This was a higher class of demon—and, if anything, Razen’s blind pursuit
of ultimate strength was his undoing. He had peered into the dark reaches of
the world, pursuing the deepest recesses of magic. His eyes could coldly
perceive his own strength, and even among the small clutch of superpowered
fighters in the A ranks, he stood head and shoulders above them all. If he
didn’t, the waves of terror the demon emitted would alone be enough to make
him lose all will to fight—although perhaps that would’ve been a happier fate
for him.
Page|209
Goldenagato|  That demon’s knowledge, its strength, only worsened Razen’s mood. If he
didn’t know—know that this was an Arch Demon at the very least, easily
capable of destroying Greater Demons—he wouldn’t be this terrorized. The
way the demon cast a great magic without a ritual or casting time—proof that
it had reached an abyss even further below what Razen had descended to.
That Nuclear Cannon strike wasn’t a misfire at all, and nothing else Razen
threw at it worked because this foe was simply that far above Razen in
strength.
If he didn’t have the kind of knowledge he did, Razen might never have
noticed how unusual this demon’s strength was. But he had it.
Wait. Is this…a—a Primal…?
With his magic shut off, Razen had no means of escape. Despair painted
his heart a deep shade of black.
What…what kind of horrifying beast did that monster grant a body to and
unleash upon this world?!
If it didn’t have a physical body, at least, it would’ve returned to the
demon realms sooner or later. But it was too late—mankind was now
exposed to an unprecedented threat.
As Razen was struck by this terror, a sweet yet terrifying voice reached
his ears.
“Have you had enough yet? In that case, it’s my turn.”
The moment he heard it, his legs shook like jelly as he lost control of his
bladder. Now he understood everything, and he could no longer even think of
resisting. His steel will was shattered, and in a single instant, his heart broke.
“Keff…keff… Ah, ah, ahhhhh…”
His terror was impossible to articulate. An Arch Demon was a calamity-
level monster, a leadership role in their native realm. They were half-
legendary, with only a small handful known to recorded history. Their power
was said to rank A-plus, alongside that of higher-level spirits, and they were
dangerous enough to even be considered sub–demon lords.
Even against such a dangerous presence, Razen would have been
confident in the past that he could win. Over the past few centuries he’d spent
protecting the great nation of Farmus, he had defeated an Arch Demon at
least once, with the help of several companions. But this demon was
different.
If…if this is one of the Primal Demons…
Page|210
Goldenagato|  …then there was just no chance. Even escape was impossible.
Faced with despair, Razen crumpled to the ground, wailing at the reality
this demon had unleashed upon him.
The demon looked disappointed as he watched him. “Oh? It’s over
already?” he whispered.
The other two demons under his command scooped Razen up, resigned
looks on their faces, and took him to the designated town. Their first job was
done, and they wanted their master to praise them.
Before the eyes of Benimaru and the rest, Rimuru’s body repeatedly
transformed itself from a slime to all kinds of irregular shapes. After a while,
it calmed down, settling into its usual droplet form—but then it began to
glow, eerily flickering on and off. Red, blue, yellow, green, purple, white,
black, all kinds of colors.
This went on for a while. Everyone there was starting to lose all sense of
time. And after who knows how much of it had passed, the echoes of the
World Language resonated in their worried hearts.
Report. The individual Rimuru Tempest’s Harvest Festival is now
complete. Monsters in his genealogy will now begin to receive their
gifts.
Then they, too, were greeted with intense exhaustion.
“Ngh! What is going on?”
“Ah…?! Is this our gift? I feel more connected to Sir Rimuru than ever!”
Benimaru, Shuna, and the other monsters couldn’t hide their surprise.
Now Benimaru realized that Rimuru’s evolution was successfully completed
—and it was their turn. Nobody expected this kind of fatigue to arise. The
less resistant among them began to fall into a deep sleep. But Benimaru had a
promise with Rimuru. He couldn’t afford to fall that easily.
He did his best to fight off the tiredness. And as he did, Rimuru’s body
began to shine brightly before him. When the light faded, there stood a
Page|211
Goldenagato|  fetching figure with long, smooth silver hair flowing in the wind.
It was Rimuru, with his mask off, looking a little taller than before. He
still didn’t have any physical gender, sadly, but Benimaru couldn’t help but
feel a little smitten anyway.
Report. Leave the rest to me and enjoy your slumber.
The soft voice whispered against his mind. It gave Benimaru inner peace;
he had nothing with which to defy it. So he let the voice guide him into an
irresistible sleep.
As he watched this unfold, the figure with Rimuru’s form checked to see
if anyone else was awake.
………
……
…
Mjurran looked quizzically at all the people falling asleep around her. One
by one, they fell like flies—and now, there was nobody else awake.
The humans and dwarves left in town had all been moved into buildings
away from the central plaza. The amount of magicules in the vicinity had
grown beyond what most humans could withstand, so they were forced to
evacuate the scene. Elen would build a barrier over them, no doubt, as she
monitored the proceedings. Yohm and his friends stayed there until the end to
protect Mjurran, but they were gone over to Kabal and his gang now,
carrying the king of Farmus and the Holy Church archbishop Ranga had
brought over. By now they should be fully in Kabal’s custody, unable to
escape.
It was a good excuse for Yohm to leave, Mjurran thought, given that he
could hardly take being in that magicule field any longer. If it wasn’t for that,
he probably would’ve stayed right next to her until he died. It gladdened her
to know that, even though she knew it was stupid of him. Of course, she
wouldn’t actually say that to the man. If she did, Yohm would no doubt let it
go to his head and do something even stupider.
It was, in other words, evidence that Mjurran wanted Yohm to be safe
above all. But it also meant Mjurran was the last person standing in the plaza.
Page|212
Goldenagato|  ………
……
…
The Rimuru-like figure gauged this situation, eyes emotionless. Then,
seeing Mjurran and assuming there were no issues, he opened his arms wide,
the long silver hair pushed back and emitting a light that shone like angel’s
wings.
Report. By the name of Raphael, Lord of Wisdom, I command
Belzebuth to consume all the magicules within this barrier. Do not
leave even a single soul fragment behind.
With those words, Belzebuth was activated, a villainous force unleashed
upon the world—but one used for a certain goal, tracing each of the results
Raphael calculated. Every magicule within the barrier covering the town was
absorbed, converting the atmosphere back into pure air. Then the barrier itself
was neatly eaten up, and then Belzebuth was halted. It was as if nothing had
ever happened to this space at all.
This was Raphael, the figure that took the form of Rimuru, the apparently
soulless master. And even now, the Lord of Wisdom was edging his way
closer to Shion. Bringing his hands forward, he began to cast Analyze and
Assess—carefully, with every intention of making his master’s hopes come
true.
………
……
…
Mjurran watched slack-jawed as all this unfolded. The barrier they had all
built over the town was devoured instantly, which was a threat in itself, but
beyond that:
…This just can’t be!!
The skill had engaged in its own actions, without the will of its master.
She could understand if it had been ordered to do so beforehand, but it didn’t
seem that way here. This figure seemed closer to a spirit than a monster.
It was crazy, but she sensed that it was nothing she could laugh at. All she
could do was stay out of the way and watch.
Page|213
Goldenagato|  Once he handed over the king of Farmus and the archbishop, Ranga returned
to the town entrance and stood guard. Rimuru had ordered him to meet up
with the demons, and while he wanted more than anything to be at his
master’s side, he had to prioritize his orders before he fell asleep. Deciding
between his concerns for Rimuru and his vital orders, he ultimately sided
with the latter.
The magic-born Gruecith looked on, bemused, as Ranga waited.
He had been asked by Benimaru—or, really, Shuna, more like—to stay
with Ranga just in case something happened. If intruders showed up, he was
to call for Benimaru and the others while Ranga engaged them. But there was
clearly nobody coming, so Gruecith chatted with Ranga to kill the time.
“That ogre princess Shuna’s quite the magic-user, isn’t she? Fortifying
that barrier like it was the easiest thing in the world.”
That barrier kept them from leaving town right now. Them and every
other monster in the place, unless Rimuru was with them. Gruecith was no
exception to that—the powerful barrier kept him efficiently penned in. It
needed to if they wanted to resurrect Shion and all the other victims of that
assault earlier.
Benimaru and the others were able to return to town thanks to the intricate
workings of Shuna, who had analyzed Mjurran’s great magic and took further
measures to improve upon it. It was now set up to keep all magicules inside
but also allow anyone to enter the barrier without an issue. A one-way street,
in other words.
Theoretically, it was certainly possible, but actually developing the magic
was quite a creative feat. But Gruecith was even more preoccupied with how
surprised Mjurran looked when she learned about it. He found it cute, that
expression of hers, although he would never ever tell anyone else that.
Discussing romance with Ranga wouldn’t accomplish much, he figured.
Gruecith wasn’t that stupid.
Ranga cheerfully nodded. “Yes. I think the same. Lady Shuna is second
only to Sir Rimuru in intelligence.”
Generally, monsters in town enjoyed praising one another. Gruecith had
Page|214
Goldenagato|  the impression that Ranga was a little too complimentary toward his master
but he figured it’d be tasteless to bring it up. Besides, he liked that kind of
atmosphere. It reminded him of his native Beast Kingdom, where people
generally got along in the midst of all their chattering and carrying on.
Lord Carillon is very shrewd, after all. And just as Lord Phobio said,
every monster in this town seems so nice.
“By the way, Sir Gruecith, I was wondering about something. I had heard
the demon lords Carillon and Milim would be waging war soon…”
Ranga gave Gruecith an expectant look, as if to ask whether everything
was all right with him.
“Ah, yeah…”
It was a topic on Gruecith’s mind as well, but the barrier and its magicule
blockage kept him from contacting Eurazania at the moment. He wasn’t that
concerned, however. It was still three days before the start of combat, and as
he said before, he believed that Carillon would win. It seemed like Rimuru
was well on his way to becoming a demon lord, so Gruecith also figured he
had enough time to see how that all shook out before heading back to help his
own master. Besides, the Three Lycanthropeers were there, each far stronger
than the likes of him. And as long as they were, no matter how much strength
Milim might boast, Gruecith doubted she really meant to wage war.
No point fretting over things now, he thought. He knew they were all bold
and courageous over there, far more than people believed. No, his mind was
elsewhere.
“…Hope they all get resurrected.”
His biggest concern was the fate of those sacrificed in battle here. If their
resurrection turned sour, there was no doubt that Rimuru would suddenly
become a major threat. He could feel that instinctively.
“It will be all right. Monsters are made of tough stuff. Plus…all of us are
connected in spirit. As long as we remain under Sir Rimuru’s protection, we
will not be defeated that easily.”
“Yeah. I think it’ll probably turn out fine, but…”
“Heh-heh-heh. No need for concern. When my master finishes the
evolution, I am sure he will bring everyone back.”
It was a firm declaration, one based on Ranga’s confidence in Rimuru.
Perhaps sensing Gruecith’s concern, he wanted to make it clear that the
concept of Rimuru going out of control couldn’t be further from his mind.
Page|215
Goldenagato|  “Yeah, no doubt,” Gruecith replied with a smile. Regardless of the
potential threat involved, he didn’t want Rimuru to change very much, either.
He didn’t serve him, but he admittedly was attracted to his character—and he
owed him a lot for saving Mjurran’s life, too.
Of course, the girl I love is with another guy at the moment… Heh. If he
was a bastard, I’d have killed him long ago, but if it’s Yohm, I can’t do much
about that. I’ll just have to lay low until she inevitably dumps that idiot…or
maybe get a little in the way between them, at least…
The lingering attachment was clear in Gruecith’s thoughts. But he didn’t
see the point of pursuing the topic.
“Man, though, I wasn’t expecting to see a demon lord evolution with my
own two eyes…”
“Nothing to be surprised about. This is Sir Rimuru, you know.”
“Um, no, I mean…! A monster becoming the seed of a demon lord is
something that happens maybe  once every few centuries, you know?”
“The seed…?”
“Yeah. It proves the world’s recognized them as a powerful-enough
monster. The strongest beings in the land. There are only ten of them, Lord
Carillon included.”
“Oh? So Rimuru will become the eleventh demon lord?”
“Well, who knows? You can’t say how the other demon lords will
respond to this. This whole thing’s ruining the current balance of power
among them. There could be some pretty tumultuous years ahead if it goes
wrong.”
“If so, then we will protect Sir Rimuru with our own powers!”
“Yeah, well, I’m in the same boat, too. I’ll be a sword for Lord Carillon to
wield. I sure hope I don’t have to face off against you guys, though, I’ll say.”
“Heh-heh-heh. I agree.”
They laughed with each other, glad they were on the same page. The
chitchat continued for a while longer.
………
……
…
Gruecith was expecting absolutely nothing out of the ordinary to happen.
But after a decent amount of time passed, Ranga’s eyelids began to droop
heavily.
Page|216
Goldenagato|  Shuna had apparently anticipated this possibility. When a demon lord was
born, anyone below them was given a so-called “gift,” a sort of evolution that
could not be resisted, and it put the target in a deep sleep.
“Gnnh… I—I am not sure I can last much longer. I will sleep…but if I do,
my orders… Lord…Gruecith… I need you to…take something on for me,
but…will you…?”
Apparently, three demons might be coming to the entrance shortly,
summoned by Rimuru and ordered to bring over a survivor from Farmus.
Ranga hated to pass the buck to him, but he could overcome his fatigue no
longer, so he extracted Gruecith’s promise to take care of matters before
dejectedly falling asleep.
There was a single survivor, he heard, and a fairly powerful foe at that.
Powerful enough that he could attack and defeat the demons. Gruecith would
have to be careful, even though the thought of being trusted so much made
him a little happy. So he began patrolling the area, a new spring in his step, as
he tried to keep Ranga and the defenseless townspeople safe.
Not half an hour later, they appeared.
“Ah, Sir Ranga,” a rather beautiful-looking demon said. “It would appear
he’s gone into an evolving sleep.”
It was a shocking sight for Gruecith. The demons had obviously been
granted physical bodies, all far more powerful than your garden-variety
summon. Ranga said they were Greater Demons, but these guys were clearly
a level above even that. The sheer terror of the sight made his hair stand on
end—the loudest alarm bell his own instincts could give him.
“Whoa, whoa, I’ve never seen the likes of you before. You an Arch
Demon?”
“Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh. That is correct, magic-born.”
Even at first sight, the danger this Arch Demon presented was obvious.
He felt an overwhelming sense of awe—like what he felt whenever he saw
Benimaru or the Three Lycanthropeers. Maybe even more powerful.
“Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh. Please don’t be so alarmed,” the demon
cheerfully stated. “I am just a nameless demon summoned by the new demon
lord. The two behind me are meant to handle the chore work for me, so no
need to worry about them.”
“Chore work?”
He gave the pair a look. They were two Greater Demons, one carrying a
Page|217
Goldenagato|  passed-out man on his back. Both of them possessed enough magic power to
pose a formidable threat. They were certainly on the same level as a stronger
magic-born in terms of combat strength.
And these were Greater Demons? Gruecith couldn’t believe it. But he just
shrugged and nodded instead of bringing it up.
“All right. Sir Ranga told me to expect three demons here before long. Is
that man the survivor of Sir Rimuru’s attack?”
“It was not an attack. To someone like that, it was just a bit of playtime.
Plus, thanks to this man’s surviving, the three of us were summoned here.
We’ve been treating him well because we do appreciate that a little.”
“Treating him well, huh…?”
One could question whether riding on the back of a Greater Demon
qualified as kind treatment. Gruecith was too smart to say that out loud,
though.
“All right. The magicules are pretty thick in town, so you better protect
him with a barrier.”
“Wouldn’t that be spoiling him a little too much?”
“…I thought you were treating him well.”
“Ah, yes. You’re right. Having him die would be very bad for us. We
have to be sure he sees us performing well for him.”
So Gruecith cast his suspicions aside and decided to guide the demons
into town. If they knew Ranga’s name, they had to be the ones Rimuru
summoned. They didn’t seem to be under anyone’s thrall—and if there was
someone powerful enough to control these freaks, Gruecith knew he was
better off not riling them. Here, too, he demonstrated an uncanny ability to
know when to shut up.
He was just about to turn around and walk into town when the barrier
covering it suddenly vanished. Something was up.
“What on—?!”
“Mm? I-is this…?”
Gruecith turned toward the demon for just a moment. “I’m sorry,” he said,
“but wait here for me. I’m worried about what’s going on in there!”
Then he ran off—just as the final events of the day unfolded.
Page|218
Goldenagato|  The demon could feel a presence in the air. He took a moment to enjoy it,
spellbound by it, before giving orders to his underlings.
“Do not kill this man. Make absolutely sure you do not let him escape.”
Then, by himself, he calmly traveled through space. To a demon like this,
using Magic Sense to travel instantly between two points several miles from
each other came as naturally as taking a walk around the block. The Greater
Demons, unable to do this, nodded their acknowledgment and began
following their master’s tracks. There was no panic, no loss of purpose
among them; they simply began running unnaturally fast toward the center of
town.
The demon had teleported right next to Rimuru.
“I am back, my master,” he said, taking a knee before the figure as his
silvery hair blew in the wind. Rimuru had been a slime when he summoned
these demons, and while he was now much more handsome in appearance,
there was no mistaking him. The near-divine aura he let out was a telltale
sign for any monster, no matter what their eyes told them. It was a sort of
shine from his very soul, and discerning the color of one’s soul came
naturally to a demon.
This demon’s master was currently conducting a solemn ceremony, one
aimed at the neatly lined rows of dead monsters before him. To the demon, it
was simply a beautiful sight. He wanted to stay there, just basking in the
glory of it all, but not now. There was something on his mind.
He quietly came up to his master, taking the utmost care to stay out of his
way. Perhaps it would be better to wait until the ceremony was done?
“Forgive my rudeness, Master. It seems you do not have enough
magicules on hand…”
The demon was right. Rimuru didn’t seem to have the quantity of
magicules this ritual required. Based on his knowledge, the demon surmised
he was attempting to hold a ceremony known as the Secret Art of Revival, a
skill that created a fully new soul for its target—a level below straight-up
raising the dead. If this failed, the targets would be totally unlike how they
were before death, transforming into uncontrollable beasts. The act was so
Page|219
Goldenagato|  difficult that even losing some memories and knowledge in the process was
considered a great success.
The Secret Art of Revival had to be woven using arcane wisdom that
humankind couldn’t even begin to understand. It naturally required a massive
amount of magical energy, along with an unimaginable amount of force to
control it. Even a high-level magic-born couldn’t do that. Only demons, with
their knowledge of controlling souls, could handle the job, and even then
only a handful of higher-level demons.
Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh. I’d expect nothing less of my master.
Rimuru was performing this arcane act on nearly a hundred monsters at
the same time. Even a single target took up tons of magicules, and this was
multiplying that by a hundred-ish. Of course he was short on magicules. So
the demon decided to speak up, just in case he could provide some help.
Yes. It is not meeting the stipulated amount of magicules. I am
consuming life force as a substitute.
The words flustered the demon.
“Wait, my master! You don’t need to use up your own life for this… Ah,
yes! I have a good idea…”
His eyes turned toward the two Greater Demons who had arrived earlier,
as if appraising their value, then gave them a satisfied nod.
“Please use these two!”
The two Greater Demons stationed behind their leader stood up then
kneeled toward him.
“It would be an honor if these could serve you as well. Nothing could
possibly make us happier.”
The other two nodded their agreement. To them, the choice was obvious.
……
Rimuru, or Raphael, looked at the two demons, observing them with his
shining golden eyes. No emotion was present in their dazzling beauty.
Instead, he gave this flat response:
Page|220
Goldenagato|  Understood. This will supply the required number of magicules.
The offer is accepted.
Then, without further hesitation, he consumed them with Belzebuth. The
Greater Demons disappeared without a trace, gobbled up with the air, taken
apart, and converted into pure magicules. The energy appeared to shine a
golden yellow to the demon—perhaps, he thought, because their wish to be
useful had finally come true. Nothing could satisfy them more.
“Ahhh… How I envy them. Well done, my master. Your evolution into a
demon lord seems to be perfect. I feel an overwhelming force from your
body, the likes of which I never felt last we met…”
He looked longingly at his newly evolved master. Being able to serve
such a new and beautiful demon lord was exactly what he craved. To do that,
he needed to prove that he could be useful to him.
Steeling his resolve, the demon stepped away from the ceremony and
waited quietly. No need to be further involved now. Meddling too much
could stoke his master’s ire, he felt. If he interfered just because he wanted to
help, he would be sabotaging his master’s efforts.
Confirmed. The prescribed amount of magicules has been
reached. We will now conduct the Secret Art of Revival.
As the demon tried to be as invisible as possible, the ritual commenced.
What began was one of the deepest, most mysterious secrets of this world.
Colorless, transparent balls of beautiful light were enveloped in a thin film
of flawless light purple. These were the cores of the victims, along with the
astral bodies that protected them. Next, following the Secret Art of
Resurrection, the rebuilt monster souls were returned to their bodies. The
success rate was 3.14 percent—but that figure had been calculated before he
became a demon lord.
Page|221
Goldenagato|  The souls of all the demons lined up in that plaza had been gifted
Complete Memory as part of the evolutionary process. They all accepted it as
a way of fulfilling Rimuru’s hopes. This was an extra skill that made it
possible to completely restore the memory of someone, even from a damaged
brain. As long as the soul was intact, it could rebuild those memories from
the state of death an infinite number of times.
—The link between soul and body was established. And now, the
monsters’ cores unleashed their powers, and their hearts began to beat out a
pulse…
Right there, the resurrection was settled. A divine mystery, born from the
complex interactions of myriad elements. A miracle and a foregone
conclusion, engineered by the prayers of Rimuru and everybody else.
But to Raphael, the Lord of Wisdom, who carried this out, there was no
happiness at this successful feat. He had just performed the answer provided
by his computations, followed the probabilities, and obtained results. He saw
no further meaning in it. Success didn’t make him feel happy, and failure
wouldn’t have made him feel sad in all likelihood. He didn’t even understand
what feeling those emotions would mean. Even with all the great knowledge
he wielded, the brilliant brain he was blessed with, it wasn’t enough to
understand human emotion.
But deep down, in a heart he should never have had, in a corner of
Rimuru’s soul—a will was born. A self, to put it another way. There had to
be one there or else a skill wouldn’t evolve in such rogue fashion in order to
fulfill its master’s wishes. And then the question came: Why did I take this
kind of action? It came from within Raphael, and it was solid proof that this
being had a self, separate from his master.
And yet, even this slight suspicion toward himself that was born in his
head was something Raphael quickly turned his eyes from.
I think, therefore I am…
It was a thesis that Raphael would find himself constantly thinking about,
going forward—and never finding an answer.
Regardless of his internal conflicts, Raphael continued with his
Page|222
Goldenagato|  incomparably accurate work. He analyzed and assessed nearly a hundred
monsters at the same time, repairing their bodies, regenerating their souls,
and finally resurrecting them. It was a seamless flow, not a single extraneous
motion involved, and everything was handled at the right place and time.
Before the monsters in town realized it, the miracle had secretly completed
itself.
Only three people knew this: Mjurran, Gruecith, and the demon.
Mjurran was rendered beyond speechless as she watched the ceremony
intently, face turned pale as a sheet. She had a front-row seat to the ultimate
in secret arts, the exact thing she had been pursuing for so long. A chasm of
deep, dark magic of which Rimuru’s presence as a demon lord allowed her an
all-too-brief glimpse.
A high-level magic-born like Mjurran would never have a chance. Even
the demon lord Clayman’s power seemed like a rude blur compared to this.
She gave thanks for the great fortune of obtaining this insight, even as she
swore to herself never to let Yohm become Rimuru’s enemy. If he did, it’d
ruin the both of them. That’s why she knew now that he needed her guidance
and protection. He knew too little about all of this for any other alternative to
work.
Gruecith’s eyes were dazzled by the miracle that took place before him.
He didn’t have much in the way of magic knowledge, but he could see well
enough that this secret art was like nothing else. It made him tremble in awe
at how easy Rimuru made it look.
Damn it, what kind of magic force is this?! This massive, seemingly
endless magicule supply, all being controlled with utter perfection. Is this
really a newborn demon lord? It can’t be! Lord Carillon couldn’t even do
this…
Awe and fear swirled in equal measures.
…And those eyes. Those eyes look like they’re beholding something totally
worthless. They treat raising the dead as nothing more complex than
Page|223
Goldenagato|  repairing a useful tool… Did he think he could just make a new one if he
messed up? What the hell is going on here…? He’s usually so warm and kind
to other people; was all that just an act? Is this the real him…?!
What Gruecith was watching now was both Rimuru and not Rimuru.
Unaware of this, all he could see was a demon lord working beyond the realm
of mortal intelligence. And from that point forward, he swore to admonish
both himself and the other lycanthropes from ever daring to defy Rimuru.
Unlike the two of them, the demon was filled with utter joy, gazing at
Rimuru in sheer, silent awe.
Then a question to consider appeared in his mind: The person who just
spoke to me… Was that not my master at all? But he dismissed the thought at
once as overthinking matters. In all the many years this demon had lived, he
had never heard of anything quite like that. The idea of a skill becoming
sentient was too ridiculous to even consider. Working independently to fulfill
the requests of its master…
…or maybe it took a demon like this, living in the deepest depths of the
world, to even have the possibility occur in his mind. Regardless, the demon
didn’t buy it. Besides, there were more important matters to consider.
Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh. No matter what happens, I have to gain at least the
lowest seat at the table for myself…
His mind resolved anew, he began to consider other ways he could stand
out for his master.
Thus, the hope was fulfilled.
When Rimuru—or Raphael, Lord of Wisdom—completed his work, he
returned once again into sleep mode, his magicule stores exhausted. The
demon lovingly picked him up—an easy task, since he was back in slime
form—and, following Mjurran’s instructions, gently placed him on the throne
prepared for his rest.
Both Mjurran and the demon agreed that Rimuru was simply out of
energy and would likely awaken in a few days. But what kind of “person”
would he be like once he opened his eyes? Only the gods could know.
Page|224
Goldenagato|  As the three eyewitnesses each pondered internally how to deal with this,
they heard several sets of footsteps running toward them. Then they realized
that the pressure exerted against Elen’s barrier was gone, reducing the
magicule count in the air to practically zero. Yohm, Kabal, and the others
immediately ran over to investigate, only to find row after row of sleeping
monsters.
“Mjurran! Gruecith! Are you two all right? Where’s Rimuru…?”
“Whoa, whoa,” observed Kabal, “they’re all sleeping? What happened?”
“Did Shion get resurrected and all that?”
Mjurran took a moment to think before responding. Gruecith didn’t
appear to have any idea what happened, and the demon seemed too enamored
with himself and Rimuru to bother explaining matters to anyone else.
Everyone’s gazes naturally began to focus on Mjurran, making her sigh
dejectedly.
“Sir Rimuru has successfully completed the demon lord–evolution
process. All the other monsters shared in this, too, so they’re all sleeping
during their own evolves. And Shion and the other dead… They’ve all been
safely resurrected using a secret ritual conducted by Sir Rimuru when he was
awake. The ritual sapped all his magical energy away, and he is back asleep
now.”
Everyone on-site breathed a hefty sigh of relief.
“Yeah, there’s the boss for ya! I knew I shouldn’t have worried.”
“I wouldn’t relax quite yet,” Mjurran replied to Kaijin. “Their souls might
have been revived, but they all definitely died once before, so there’s no
guarantee they’ve retained any of their memories.
“Although it’ll probably be fine,” she then just barely whispered to
herself. She wanted to keep everyone on high alert just in case, but as far as
she was concerned, there was no real danger left to consider.
But her words had the effect of instantly silencing everyone else. Now
they realized it was still too early to celebrate.
“Well, outside of that,” Elen breathed, “how about we get a roof over all
these sleepyheads for now, huh? There are mats laid out in the great meeting
hall—I guess they figured something like this would happen.”
“Fine by me, but every single monster in town? That’s kind of a big
project.”
“Yeah,” Gido chimed in, “we’re talking over a thousand of ’em in the
Page|225
Goldenagato|  plaza alone…”
“All right,” Kaijin said. “In that case, we’ll just take responsibility for
bringing Lady Shuna into her bedchamber, all right?”
Kabal erupted into action. “Whoa there, you! I don’t care if you’re Kaijin
or not—I’m not  letting you get away with that!”
“Yeah, man! That’s far too delicate a job to leave to someone besides us!”
Elen’s suggestion had triggered a war of words between the dwarves, led
by Kaijin, and Kabal and his right-hand man, Gido. It went on for several
more seconds before Elen finally yelled at them to knock it off.
But the conflict wasn’t necessary from the beginning—because as they
bickered, the residents of town began to wake up by themselves.
It was a neat sequence of emotions for them all as they did. First, panic
over the vanished barrier and missing magicules in the air. Then, massive
outbursts of joy as they realized Shion and the other victims were resurrected.
To them, it was a miracle—but only the three witnesses on hand knew what it
really was.
In effect, it was just the power of Raphael at work. And nobody on hand
realized, in the shadow of all that joy, that Raphael—a simple skill, nothing
more—had somehow grown a sense of self-awareness.
Rise and shine!
It was a trite old phrase, but it was the first one my mind came up with.
I hadn’t enjoyed waking up like this in ages. Unlike my previous
experiments with forcing myself into a nap-like state, I felt refreshed,
satisfied. It goes without saying that I had never experienced anything like it
before in this world. But as I got up and took a look, I realized that things had
gotten pretty hectic around me. More problems to deal with, I guess. Give me
a break.
I could feel this sort of pulsing energy from the monsters. I did a quick
Analyze and Assess on them, only to find they bore more magicules than
before. They were stronger now, in other words, so I guess my evolution
Page|226
Goldenagato|  must’ve turned out okay.
Correct. The Harvest Festival has successfully completed. Gifts
were distributed to all creatures within your genealogy, leading to
further evolution among individuals.
Aha. So becoming a demon lord made everyone under me evolve, huh?
And is it my imagination, or is the Great Sage being a lot more talkative than
it used to be?
No. It is your imagination.
Oh, all right…
Hey, wait a second!
But as much as I wanted to poke at the Sage about it, it offered no further
response. Was it really my imagination? Ahh, I can’t think about this right
now. How’s Shion doing? Not to mention everyone else? What’s happening
right now? I had an endless wellspring of questions. And as if to answer them
all at once:
“Ah! Sir Rimuru! You are awake!”
I heard a familiar voice—and felt a familiar sensation behind my back. A
pair of hilly peaks, pliant and warmly surrounding me.
My evolution was complete, but there was no huge difference in my slime
form. The only real change was that I’d sometimes turn more of a yellowish
color. Was I one of those gold slimes now or something? Like, zooming
along at the speed of light? I didn’t actually have that power, but I sort of felt
more…elegant. Like I was on top of the food chain when it came to slimes.
Not that I looked any stronger, still…
More to the point, this sensation, this familiar lap I found myself in, the
way my cheeks were getting rubbed…
“You came back to life!”
It was Shion.
Page|227
Goldenagato|  Mm. This feels really great. Just like before. Nothing changed.
“Yes, Sir Rimuru! All of us have come completely back to life!”
Hearing this, I realized that I had a hundred kneeling monsters
surrounding us. Then, all at once, they greeted me, excited beyond
description for me to wake up.
“““We have all been revived, without a single person missing!!”””
Great. That’s really great. And who’s that I see in the front row? Of
course it’s got to be that doofus Gobzo.
Just as I anticipated, the effects of the evolution brought everyone back to
life. I guess it was worth becoming a demon lord after all. The resemblance
of my chances to the number π was a worry, but if it worked on everyone, I
couldn’t be happier. Hell, even the Sage makes mistakes sometimes. I’ll
always welcome a pleasant mistake like this.
Smiling to myself at Shion’s return, I spent a moment to enjoy my
position underneath her breasts for the first time in a while. Truly an elegant
way to pass the time. But the bliss didn’t last long.
“…Sir Rimuru,” Benimaru said, “you’re awake? Wonderful. We have a
variety of issues to— Ah, but before that, I cannot proceed until I confirm
you have retained your sanity. You remember the question and answer we
discussed in our conference, yes? Let’s go, then: ‘What do you think of
Shion’s cooking?’ Give me your answer!”
He gave me a sarcastic grin. Yeah, I sure remember. It’s shitty, right?
Man, he worries way too much sometimes.
But just as I was about to give the correct reply, I realized something
horrifying. Ummmm… I’m kind of being hugged by Shion right now, aren’t
I? If I use the S word to describe her kitchen work…what will happen then?
An image of hell ran across my mind. Oh crap!! If I don’t think of
something, Shion’s gonna crush me into jelly with those arms of hers! I can’t
believe I let myself fall right into this trap! How utterly devious of him!
What’ll I do? Is there some way out of this?
…I got it! Time to have the Great Sage come to the rescue. I’m sure it’ll
have the most wonderful solution to all of this…
…and then, upon trying to summon it, I realized it was gone. Um…what?
Page|228
Goldenagato|  Great, uh, Great Sage?!
…And, wait a second, who had been answering me just a moment ago…?
Report. The unique skill Great Sage has evolved into the ultimate
skill Raphael, Lord of Wisdom. As a result, it has disappeared and
cannot be accessed.
Whoa. Skills can evolve, too? And, uh, Raphael? Named after the angel
and everything? Sounds pretty neat…
But I can explore this later. I still have an unprecedented crisis to deal
with right now. All right, Raphael, if you’re the Lord of Wisdom, find the best
way possible for me to deceive Shion!
Understood. My calculations did not find any relevant results.
You piece of crap!!!
The Sage was never all that useful for things like this, either, and I guess
Raphael inherited that same quirk. He said something about “calculations,”
but I doubt he gave the question any serious thought at all. Probably just
trying to humor me. The more things change the more they stay the same.
Maybe he hasn’t really evolved much at all, apart from the fancy-pants name
he grew.
This whole exchange took less than a second to unfold in my mind.
“Hmm? What about my cooking?”
“Ah, um, well, I’m sure Sir Rimuru misses it terribly, no? He can’t wait to
see what you’ve been working on, I’m sure.”
Someone needed to stop Benimaru before this got any worse. Damn it.
That bastard wanted this to happen from the start! And he even made damn
sure in advance that he  didn’t get caught up in it. What an asshole! This great
sleep session I had, and he’s threatening to have Shion put me in the kind of
sleep you never wake up from!
“Ah, I see! He wants me to cook a meal, then, is it? How thoughtful of
you, Sir Benimaru.”
Shion smiled triumphantly at the suggestion as I was seized by a turbulent
sense of foreboding.
Page|229
Goldenagato|  “So you see now?” Benimaru said. “I know this goes without saying, but I
—”
…Let me provide a suggestion, then. I recommend replying with,
“The answer Benimaru suggested I make was ‘It’s shitty,’ wasn’t it? I
do remember that well.”
Wha—?!
The Great Sage—I mean, the Lord of Wisdom—just came up with the
most brilliant answer in the universe. Man, I’m sorry I accused him of not
evolving too much. You rock, Raphael!
“Hang on, Benimaru! We had a question and answer planned out in
advance, right?”
“…Um?”
“Oh, don’t worry—I remember the whole process. The answer that you
decided was correct for this was ‘It’s shitty,’ was it not? I remember it
perfectly!”
Shion’s smile froze in place as several beads of sweat began running
down Benimaru’s face in tandem.
“Sh-Shion, wait! Sir Rimuru has only just awoken! I fear his brain might
still be in a state of confusion!”
I took this moment to nimbly evacuate myself away from Shion’s chest,
keeping an eye on the panicked Benimaru as I did.
“Very well,” Shion flatly replied. “Sir Benimaru… No, just Benimaru. I
serve Sir Rimuru directly; I have no need to use noble titles to refer to you.
But if you had wanted to try my cuisine that  badly, you should have said so. I
will gladly feed it to you until you’re ready to burst!”
She stormed off, smile still frozen on her face. That was pretty scary.
Really scary actually.
“Wh-what did you do that for?!”
“Ha-ha-ha! I’m not sure what you mean, Benimaru. Have fun trying to
survive the next meal, I guess.”
“This isn’t funny, my lord! I have been testing her new creations so long
that I’ve developed Resist Poison recently, too…”
Benimaru could see doom lying ahead. If Shion was that  enthusiastic to
Page|230
Goldenagato|  start cooking, this could be the end for him. Poison resistance, though?
Really? That’s pretty much saying that Shion’s food is poison, isn’t it?
“Yeah, well, as they say, you reap what you sow…”
Benimaru gave my assessment a dejected shake of the head. I had no
words to console him with. One misstep, after all, and it could’ve been me
facing that maelstrom. Better, I thought, to let the original perpetrator face
her wrath instead.
After Shion left, the newly resurrected survivors clamored to greet me, as if
they’d been waiting their turn this whole time. Everyone had the same
knowledge and personality as before (although the atmosphere was maybe
slightly different with some), which was a great relief. No memory loss, no
nothing—and their souls were all fully intact.
That wouldn’t have been possible if I didn’t obtain the Complete Memory
extra skill—glad to see all that evolution effort didn’t go to waste. As one of
the crowd put it, “Now I can keep coming back to life no matter how many
times I die!”—and I wasn’t entirely sure he was joking.
Complete Memory allowed you to directly tap into the target’s soul.
Normally the power could be possessed only by spirit-type life-forms, but
somehow I had stumbled upon it, too. They said something about souls that
shared the same “genealogy” with me and all that, so I guess it technically
applied to me. That’s what the “gift” thing was, probably—it got everyone
back, and I couldn’t be happier with it.
After we wrapped up our reunion, everyone went right back to work. The
rest of the townspeople also received some kind of gift, I think, but there was
no time to examine them all in detail. Benimaru mentioned a “variety of
issues,” and I had to address them quickly.
So the moment we overcome one crisis, a new one comes right down the
pike, huh…?
“Ah, before we discuss Shion’s cooking, I have something important to
tell you.”
Benimaru gave a signal, and on cue, the Three Lycanthropeers from the
Page|231
Goldenagato|  demon lord Carillon’s domain appeared. Ohhh, right, Milim was fighting him,
wasn’t she? I forgot.
“First, let me congratulate you on your evolution!” Alvis the Golden
Snakehorn declared as he fell to one knee.
“Yes, yes, but what’s going on?”
Benimaru was the first to open his mouth. As he put it, evacuees from the
Beast Kingdom of Eurazania had arrived just a few moments ago.
Remarkably, I had been fast asleep for three whole days—which meant that,
um, the conflict between demon lords was over and done?
“…Yes. I saw it all for myself.”
Phobio, the Black Leopard Fang, had stayed close to Carillon’s side for
the entire battle against Milim. And the result?
“Lord Carillon and Milim collided right into each other…and the demon
lord Milim proved all too superior. The Beast Kingdom is…I am sad to say…
no more.”
Dang.
I had trouble forming a response. Benimaru gasped as well; apparently,
this was news to him.
Phobio was himself gravely injured but still managed to take a Warp
Portal over and regroup with Alvis. Gabil’s potions saved his life after that.
The Three Lycanthropeers were silent, Sufia the Snowy Tigerclaw gritting
her teeth.
“However,” Phobio continued, “after an unbelievably massive explosion,
it was none other than the demon lord Frey who delivered the blow that
defeated our lord. The very idea of demon lords working together… I could
hardly even imagine. I always believed that Milim had a distaste for such
schemes. And, looking back, something else about it struck me as odd…”
So Milim and Frey had joined forces to defeat Carillon. I found that pretty
damn odd, too. Milim promised him a one-on-one grudge match, and she
didn’t strike me as the kind of demon lord to pull a mean trick like taking
along a ringer. Frey, according to Phobio, met eyes with him for just a
passing moment. It happened so fast—Frey flying off with Carillon’s body as
if nothing was amiss—that he decided it was just his mind playing tricks on
him.
“But,” he went on, “the demon lord Frey has the best eyesight out of all
her kind. They say she can shoot down small animals on the ground from the
Page|232
Goldenagato|  loftiest of heights. I may have been hidden, but there was no way she could
miss me. And something else concerns me about her behavior…”
Apparently, Sufia reported, the direction Frey flew off to was all wrong. A
perfect 180 degrees from her own domain, in fact, and a fair distance off from
Milim’s lands.
“Her bearing would have taken her straight for the demon lord Clayman’s
domain.”
The other two Lycanthropeers shuddered.
“I—I need to go out for a moment.”
Alvis stepped up to stop him. “Wait right there, Sufia!”
“Yes! If you’re going, then we all need to join forces in our attack.”
Hoo boy. That’s not gonna work.  Beastlings like these have a one-track
mind, and they’re so easily riled into fury. Even Alvis, who seemed like the
most levelheaded of the crew, was no exception.
“Well, hang on,” I ventured. “We need more information before anything
else. The way you put it, Phobio, Carillon is still alive. I don’t know what
Frey is like as a person, but there’s no way Milim would let someone just
horn in on her fight without getting damn angry about it. There has to be
more behind this.”
“I feel the same way,” Benimaru said.
“Right. So listen: We all want to help you rescue your lord. So don’t go
berserk on me right now, all right? If we don’t work together on this, you
might wind up destroying whatever chance you’ve got. Worst-case scenario,
you’ll have to fend off three demon lords at the same time. So don’t jump
right in yet, okay?”
“Understood.”
“All right…”
“Yes, Sir Rimuru.”
They all nodded, regaining their composure.
We then decided to let them rest and recuperate for a bit. Them, and the
other ten thousand or so people who evacuated to town with them, all utterly
exhausted. Trekking all the way to Clayman’s domain and challenging him to
battle right now was absurd.
In a short time, we had emergency stations handing out food, and the great
meeting hall had lodgings hastily prepared to deal with the influx. We
weren’t at full strength yet; my people were only just beginning to wake back
Page|233
Goldenagato|  up. For today, at least, we decided to kick back and relax with a meal
together.
Surrounded by the pleasant smell of the emergency kitchens, we awaited
Shion’s cooking with a sense of impending terror.
“So, um, good luck at dinner, okay, Benimaru?”
“Wait just a minute! We should be eating her food together, shouldn’t
we?! She’s trying her best! Maybe it’ll actually be good, by some miracle!
Just promise me you won’t leave me alone!”
“L-let go of me! Miracles don’t occur that often!”
I’ve just wrapped up this awesome, awe-inspiring evolution event, and the
first thing I do after that is sample Shion’s cuisine? What kind of prank is
this?
In the end, though, the teary-eyed Benimaru was just too pathetic a sight
to bear, so I agreed to join him at the dinner table—or more like Shion
pushed me to a seat adjacent to him.
“Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee! I’m sure you’re looking forward to this just as
much as Benimaru is, aren’t you, Sir Rimuru?”
No! Not at all!
Easy enough for me to think that, really, but near impossible to say it. One
look into Shion’s eyes, and I realized—oh crap, there’s nowhere to run.
Thus, as the people around us celebrated their resurrection and revitalized
their spirits with food and drink, we were being treated to a tasting session
straight from the deepest pit of hell.
A few more moments and the lethal weapon that was Shion’s cooking was
locked and loaded on plates. She beamed as she brought the food (?) in on
large platters. The time has come.
I took a look at one of the steaming plates, and—
“—Whoaaa! Whoa, whoa, whoa! What’s that  stuff?”
It wasn’t food. I absolutely refused to accept that this was food. There was
a bowl with assorted stuff tossed into it. A stew, maybe? Was that her
intention? Wait—no, right, this wasn’t food. Never. There shouldn’t be any
question about it in the first place.
“Shion?! Shion, wait a second! There’s something I want to ask you. Do
Page|234
Goldenagato|  you understand the concept of what ‘cooking’ means?”
“Of course, Sir Rimuru. What do you think? It looks scrumptious, doesn’t
it?”
“You damned fool! You got carrots, potatoes, peppers, tomatoes, onions,
and all kinds of other vegetables—but you just tossed all of them in whole! I
shouldn’t be able to recognize every single one of them in the bowl like that,
all floating in the broth or whatever! You’re supposed to peel them, or cut
them, or do a whole lot of other crap with them!”
I was shouting, straight from the heart.
Then I turned to Benimaru. “What is the meaning of this? I thought I left
Shion’s care in your hands. She hasn’t learned anything at all from you, has
she?”
He gazed back at me, as glassy-eyed as a dead fish. “I just couldn’t do it.
I’ve never had a setback in my life, but with her, I’ve hit a wall—the wall of
my personal limits. Since childhood, I always assumed that nothing was
impossible for me, but now I see just how shallow-minded that was.”
How brazen of him. The wall of his personal limits? Bullshit. I’m eating
this, too, remember?
I glanced up at Shion. She was quivering, on the brink of tears. I began to
feel like maybe I was the bad guy here… Ah well. Like a monk experiencing
enlightenment, it was time for me to brace myself, treat this as training, and
have at it.
“All right, all right. I’ll take it, okay? But at least try to actually prepare
your ingredients before putting them in next time.”
“Umm, but whenever I try chopping up food, I wind up chopping up the
rest of the building I’m in, too…”
“Huh? The whole building? Not just the cutting board?”
“…Right. My Goriki-maru is so wonderfully sharp, but it’s a little long as
well, so…” Shion pointed at the longsword strapped to her back.
Uh, she cooked with that?
Benimaru threw his hands in the air, as if in surrender. Talk about
someone you can’t rely on in a pinch. My esteem for him was in free fall
right now.
“Listen,” I attempted, “a katana isn’t meant for cooking. All right? That’s
what they’ve invented cooking knives for.”
“No, I work strictly with Goriki-maru. I wouldn’t want to cheat on it with
Page|235
Goldenagato|  other blades…”
“Oh. I was planning to give you some kitchen knives as a present actually,
but I guess you don’t need them?”
“Wait! I was wrong! My mistake! Goriki-maru just told me I was allowed
to play around with other knives after all!”
“…Good to hear. So yeah, use those knives to cook from now on, okay?”
She sure knew a gift horse when she saw one. Ah well. It certainly beats
chomping into whole tomatoes in what was supposed to be soup. If he ate
nothing but food like this (not that I was acknowledging it as food, mind
you), no wonder Benimaru acquired Resist Poison.
Now it was my turn…but, hell, I was a demon lord now. Ingesting
something like this couldn’t kill me, right? So I resigned myself to my fate
and went into my human form. Closing my eyes and steeling my resolve, I
brought a spoonful of some kind of mystery goop to my mouth.
Just as I was about to swallow it as quickly as possible, I noticed
something odd… Huh? This is, like, super good. Almost like she’s fully re-
created Shuna’s home cooking…? You’re kidding me! It tasted nothing like it
looked.
I opened my eyes wide as I slowly, carefully ferried another spoonful of
ingredients to my lips.
This is good!
Benimaru watched, half praying, his eyes asking Are you all right? to me.
I motioned him to give it a shot as well. I guess his experiences with Shion’s
food up to now were just as bad as I imagined.
He dejectedly took a spoonful—then his eyes burst open in surprise.
Guess my tongue wasn’t lying to me. I almost thought something got screwed
up with my evolution for a moment.
Shion watched us with the biggest cheese-eating grin I ever saw in my
life. It kind of pissed me off, frankly.
“Shion, what… What is this? Why’s this so much better-tasting than it
looks?”
“Hee-hee-hee! Well—”
It turns out—and I had no idea about this—that when the moment of
evolution arrived, Shion wished deeply in her mind to become good at
cooking. It would take a dumbass like her to wish for something like that  as
her gift. What was she even thinking? It was exasperating, but I supposed it
Page|236
Goldenagato|  was also supremely Shion-like of her.
“Hee-hee! So there you have it. I’ve obtained the unique skill Master
Chef!”
Yeesh. What a sight. Earning a unique skill because she wanted to get
better in the kitchen… How badly did she wish for that anyway? And the
way she described it, the skill let anything she made taste exactly how she
pictured it in her mind, no matter what kind of dish it was. No wonder it
tasted like Shuna made it—that was exactly what she was aiming for.
Page|237
Goldenagato|  Page|238
Goldenagato|  Shion’s efforts, as always, were pointed in the completely wrong
direction. And nothing could’ve been purer Shion than that.
So the rest of the day turned into a wild party, a feast that continued well
into the wee hours. There was none of the grim pathos of the past few days.
Shion, and everyone else, was back, and their presence brought joy to the
town.
There was Gobzo and Gobta, showing off assorted tricks to their
audience. One of them had a knife stuck in his head—wonder how they
pulled that  off. It looked like it was bleeding, too, but maybe I just imagined
it. They were laughing so much that I’m sure there was nothing to be
concerned about.
Yohm was there, too, along with Elen and her bodyguards. He and
Gruecith were staggering around, which was still a better showing than the
totally passed-out Kabal. But Mjurran was the clear winner of the night. She
didn’t act a single bit drunk—an experienced partier, I suppose. Sufia,
noticing this, became the latest challenger to fall victim to her in a drinking
match as the party descended further into chaos. It was a wild scene, but at
least it helped the lycanthropes forget their worries for a while.
Starting tomorrow, we’d have a lot of cleanup work to do. I’d need to
consider what to do with the Beast Kingdom refugees, as well as how we’d
rescue Carillon. Plus, there was the Western Holy Church to consider. We’d
need to pay careful attention to how they reacted, assuming we wanted to
keep on the Western Nations’ good side.
There was a mountain of issues to deal with, but—for now—I supposed
we could have a little fun. And maybe it was just for today, but this was
turning into a real fest, I’d say. Japanese people love their festivals, after all.
No excuse is too petty to kick one off, no reason too trivial for someone to
plan a drinking party for his friends. That’s how we lived around here. No
need to keep things tense all  the time.
I should also mention that this party wound up becoming a yearly
occurrence in this land. They named it the Tempest Resurrection Festival.
Page|239
Goldenagato|  Deep into the night, while everyone was sleeping off their epic benders, I was
pondering over our future direction when an unfamiliar person greeted me.
“I am glad you are awake, my lord. Allow me to express my heartfelt joy
at seeing you become a full-fledged demon lord.”
The figure bowed deeply before me.
“Uh, who’re you?”
“I…?! Surely you jest, my lord. Nothing could damage a demon’s heart
more than to hear that…”
The visitor seemed genuinely insulted. He looked like a pretty high-level
demon, but I seriously had no idea who this was.
Then Ranga poked his head out from my shadow. “Master, this is one of
the demons you summoned, using the knights as your bait.”
Ohhh, right. This dude’s still here.
“Ahhh, Sir Ranga!”
The demon turned thankful eyes to Ranga, as if in the audience of a
personal savior. And, come to think of it, I did see him during the party,
fidgeting and looking supremely out of his element.
“Well, thanks for all your help. I heard you rounded up the survivor for
me, too, so Ranga and I could get back here safely.”
“Oh, no, I am hardly worthy of your thanks. But along those lines…”
“Well, sorry to keep you here all this time. You can go back home now.”
“…What?!”
That would explain his behavior. He wanted to leave, but I hadn’t gotten
around to giving the order. So I did—but this demon was acting all weird
about it. He had rather handsome features—really, you’d almost call him
beautiful, despite being male and all. And now that face looked bewildered,
ready to cry at any moment. It worried me.
“Oh, um, did I not give you enough of a reward or something?”
“Nothing of the sort, my lord. As I asked you before, I seek the honor of
joining your followers! What do you think? Will you please give it some
consideration?”
Joining my followers? Umm, I think this Greater Demon I summoned said
something like that, yeah, but… Wait. This guy in front of me ain’t just
“Greater.”  We were talking like nothing was amiss, but this wasn’t any kind
of Greater Demon at all.
“Huh? Ranga, did I really summon this dude?”
Page|240
Goldenagato|  “You certainly did, my master!”
Hmm. All right.
“Upon receiving the knight corpses you offered as my summoner, I have
earned my physical body. I can only hope that I may repay this great favor to
you in some way.”
“Oh really? Well, neat…”
He did seem kinda strong, and if he wanted to be my follower that badly,
then hell yeah. But that was a two-edged sword. If he ever went out of
control, I worried that even Benimaru would have trouble stopping him.
And what about the other two demons with him?
Understood. When carrying out the Secret Art of Revival, you
began to run short on magicule energy. When you did, the two
demons rendered themselves into magicule form and disappeared in
order to help you earn the energy required.
…Man. Raphael tossed that bombshell out like it was nothing. He was
acting even more coldhearted than the Sage, showing off the kind of stakes
he worked with. So the demons helped out with Shion’s resurrection, playing
a role of their own behind the scenes? Boy, now I’m sorry I thought for even
a moment that they were useless.
But what now, though? This guy’s aching so badly to help me out that he
tossed his demon friends under the bus for me. It’d just be mean to ignore
that.
“I can’t really give you a salary or anything. You okay with that?”
“The right to serve you will provide all the joy I need, my lord.”
Well, hell, if he’s willing to work for free, I like those terms a lot.
“All right. Well, sounds good to me. As of today, you’re officially one of
us.”
“Ahhhh! I thank you, my lord!”
“Quit with the ‘my lord’ crap. It’s creepy.”
“I understand. How shall I refer to you, then?”
“Rimuru works.”
“Ahhh, Rimuru—such a sweet tone that name has. Sir Rimuru it shall be,
then…”
Page|241
Goldenagato|  Talk about grandiose. I had no idea what about me he found so attractive,
but he just couldn’t wait to be my servant.
“Right, yeah, great. But what’s your name?”
“Being a nameless demon is more than enough for me, Sir Rimuru.”
Huh? He looked way too high-level to not have a name. But that’d be too
much of a pain in the ass to deal with. Let’s do what I’ve always done, then.
“Okay. Well, in place of any other reward, I want to give you a name.
You got a problem with that?”
“My word! No, no problem at all. This is the greatest gift a demon could
ask for!”
His well-featured face burst into abject joy. I guess that’s just how I am,
huh? There’s something about me that demons find irresistible. I think I had a
right to boast about that a bit.
Right. So, a name. Time to fish into my grab bag of supercar models,
maybe? Something that sounds nice and demonic? In fact, why not just throw
a fastball straight down the middle with this?
“Your name is Diablo. May you live up to it in your service to me!”
And the moment I said it, I felt my energy drain. I was getting pretty used
to this by now. It took only about half my magicules this time, too. The
pessimistic side of me was expecting more, given how high and mighty this
demon looked. Naming Beretta, that Greater Demon, took over 30 percent of
my magicules, so he must’ve been greater than Greater after all.
Report. The individual Diablo was an Arch Demon. When his
master evolved, he experienced a massive upgrade in magicule
stores. As a result, making a comparison strictly on percentage of
magicules consumed will not provide an accurate picture.
Um, all right?
But really, Raphael here seems a hell  of a lot more informal with me than
the Sage ever was…
Incorrect. It is your imagination.
Oh yeah? You seem awfully free with the advice you’re offering,
Page|242
Goldenagato|  considering that.
But the Lord of Wisdom just said something I didn’t want to ignore. My
energy had gone up that much, and Diablo still took half of it? Like, how
much of a boost are we talking here?
Understood. For reference’s sake, the figure is over ten times what
it previously was.
Holy crap.
What the hell did I just walk into? I’ve turned into some kinda monster.
Diablo, the demon before me, remained motionless on one knee. A sort of
dark cocoon enveloped his body as he prepared for his own evolution. I am
so careless sometimes. I guess there’s no cure for stupidity, even after death,
so I’ll just have to grin and bear it.
No more casual naming for me! I mean it this time!
I swore it to myself, but something told me I wouldn’t stick to it for very
long.
The evolution completed itself as I mused over this. Within the dark form
I was greeted with, I could see streaks of red and gold amid his black hair.
His eyes were just as golden as before, his pupils shining just as eerie a shade
of crimson. The areas that’d normally be white were instead a shade of jet-
black, which made them stand out all the more. As he rose to his full slender
height, I realized he was dressed in the very peak of classy domestic clothing,
like a perfect butler. It was a new image for him, compared to the high-born
prince he’d looked like before.
He used to be a ruler; now he served one. But, if anything, that arrogant
aura that surrounded him had grown, not shrunk.
“Diablo. That is my name. My heart is filled with deep emotion, Sir
Rimuru. From this day forward, I promise to serve you with all my heart.”
He gave me a respectful salute.
This transformation apparently reflected his desire to be my ever-loyal
servant. Demons could use the intrinsic skill Create Material to whip up any
kind of clothing they wanted, it turned out, so there was no need for a
wardrobe. Pretty useful. I’m kinda jealous.
Page|243
Goldenagato|  Almost immediately, he said, “Sir Rimuru, you appear to be fretting about
something. What is it that troubles you? Because I would hope you can
discuss it with me.”
It must’ve been obvious to him. I decided to explain the whole situation,
since it’d help me arrange my own thoughts as well. Even if it didn’t lead to
an answer, it’d help keep my mind calm.
“It’s nothing big… Well, it is, I guess. I’m thinking about the future.”
“The future?”
“Right now, we’ve got too many problems to deal with at the same time. I
think we’re already over capacity with all the plans we need to carry out.”
“Ah…”
I reviewed the circumstances for him.
My main concern was the demon lord Carillon and how Milim was
involved with him. But the most pressing matter was how we’d clean up the
Kingdom of Farmus and check the Western Holy Church’s movements—
both issues that could greatly affect our future relationship with mankind. If
we made any misstep with the Church in particular, we’d wind up being the
nemesis of every human being in the world. I wanted to do whatever I could
to prevent that.
It would be ridiculous, though, to attempt to address all these problems at
once. I needed to line up our enemies, our problems, one by one and secure
victory against them.
“I see. All of that makes sense to me now. Allow me, in that case, to
shoulder some of the burden! I will be happy to fine-tune matters so multiple
problems never occur at the same time for you. Your orders, Sir Rimuru!”
Ahhh, ever the sly demon, isn’t he? He understood my worries in a flash
and was ready to take action against them. But I wanted to discuss matters
with everyone else before deciding on anything.
“Well, hang on. There’s no big rush. We’ll decide on a direction at a
conference tomorrow, so why don’t you join us?”
If Diablo’s that eager to pitch in, let him. He seems pretty shrewd, and
it’d be a waste to let his powers go unflexed.
Report. I believe we do not need to worry about the Western Holy
Church. The Analysis and Assessment of the Unlimited Imprisonment
Page|244
Goldenagato|  that has shut away the individual Veldora will be completed shortly.
Releasing this individual is believed to provide a suitable restraint on
the Holy Church’s actions.
Ooooh. Neat. Yeah, if we could release Veldora, that’d sure keep the
Church from pulling any funny moves.
…Uh, wait, whaaaat?! You’re being way too engaging with me, Raphael!
Incorrect. It is your imagination.
Yeah, yeah, my imagination. Knock it off, man.
Let’s get back to Veldora. We can actually release him?
Analysis is slated to finish by tomorrow afternoon.
Wow, Raphael. I guess you’ve gotten a lot more useful than I thought.
Well, that  certainly opened up a few paths to a solution. As long as we
could keep the Western Holy Church in check, that’d give us all the time we
wanted to negotiate with the Western Nations. I was scared the Church was
agitating them to believe we were evil, and if we kept that from happening,
we already knew there were nations there willing to work with us.
Farmus, meanwhile, was no longer a threat. We had crushed the core of
their military, and we held their king hostage. We’d help pave the way for
Yohm to establish a new nation and focus the attention on him, and nobody
there would even have the free time to meddle with us then.
So what problems did that leave?
“Right! I think something’s gonna come together after all!”
I would focus exclusively on striking the demon lord Clayman. Milim told
me that anyone who declared themselves a demon lord would quickly face
retribution from the others. Why not turn it into a big debutante ball—get my
name out there with a bang and go onstage as the sassiest, brassiest demon
lord out there?
“Ah, has an idea come to mind?”
“It sure has. I’ve decided to become a demon lord—in name and deed.”
Page|245
Goldenagato|  “Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee. That’s the spirit, Sir Rimuru. And I, Diablo, shall
be faithful to you for all the days of—”
“Hmph! And I, Ranga, am his most faithful of servants!”
I gave Ranga a pat on the head for that. The unexpected declaration was
kind of endearing, I thought.
It seemed like we had a good playbook to work with tomorrow. And
under a sky full of stars, atop Ranga’s back as he squinted in bliss, my own
mind felt just as clear and glittery.
The next day, I informed everyone of my plan.
The following people were in attendance:
Shuna, my temporary secretary.
Shion, my official secretary. The temporary one was far better-suited to
the job, but never mind that.
Rigurd and the other hobgoblin elders in government.
Rigur and Gobta from our security team.
Benimaru and Hakuro, representing our military.
Kaijin and Kurobe from the manufacturing department, along with Garm
and Dold.
Geld and Mildo from construction.
Lilina from management.
Soei, Soka, and the other three members of our espionage team.
Ranga in my shadow as kind of an emotional support animal, I guess?
I also invited Gabil to join in, as well as Diablo, serving as a second
secretary of mine. It’d be a good opportunity to introduce him, I figured.
Outside of native Tempestians, there was Yohm; his assistant, Kazhil; and
Rommel the staff officer. Mjurran and Gruecith were there, of course, along
with the Three Lycanthropeers of Eurazania. There were over thirty people in
our meeting hall, all told.
“Thank you all for gathering here, ladies and gentlemen!”
“Why this sudden meeting, Sir Rimuru?”
I was trying to act all cool here, given that I was about to announce my
presence as a demon lord, but Benimaru just cut me off. Guess I’ll keep it
normal after all.
Page|246
Goldenagato|  “First, I have someone to introduce to you all. This is Diablo, who helped
me out of a rough spot just a bit ago. He’s pretty strong, and we can all rely
on him, so make nice, all right?”
“Hmm? He certainly seems well guarded… I imagine he is just as
experienced as you say, Sir Rimuru.”
With Hakuro’s stamp of approval, everyone else safely assumed that
Diablo wasn’t some also-ran strength-wise. Without any further complaint,
he immediately became one of the gang. Moving on:
“Now—Gabil!”
“Y-yes?”
The dragonewt looked ill at ease in this gathering of top brass. He
nervously shot to his feet upon hearing his name.
“Effective today, I’m going to name you head of our development
department. That’s a provisional title, but it means you’re now in Tempest
leadership. Make me proud, all right?”
“Y-yes! Yes, sir! I promise you that I, Gabil, will eternally put my nose to
the grindstone for you!!”
He choked up midway as he accepted the offer. Research and
development seemed to suit Gabil a lot more than I would’ve guessed. I was
sure he’d do a great job.
Now it was time to visit the main topic.
“So I’ve decided on our direction going forward, and I wanted to relay it
to all of you. This has everything to do with Yohm and the Three
Lycanthropeers as well, so I want you to listen carefully.”
“Whatever you want, pal.”
“Does this have to do with rescuing Lord Carillon?”
All eyes were upon me. Without further delay, I turned into human form
and faced them.
“I’ve decided to become a demon lord.”
“Right.”
…Huh? Kind of a tepid response.
“Um… Meaning that I’m taking the role…”
“You already have, haven’t you?”
Shion gave me an odd look. I guess she figured that was the whole reason
Page|247
Goldenagato|  she was alive now. And yeah, I was a true demon lord in terms of my rank or
whatever, but…
“I don’t mean that. I mean, I’m going to declare to the world that I’m a
demon lord, too!”
“Oh? Meaning that you’re going to challenge the other demon lords at
their own game, Sir Rimuru?”
Hakuro was kind enough to say it for me.
“Right! Exactly! And not ‘the other demon lords’ exactly. I’m gunning
straight for Clayman.”
Yohm, Mjurran, Gruecith, and the Three Lycanthropeers nodded their
earnest approval.
“I see,” said Benimaru, boldly smiling. “Seizing a seat at the demon lords’
table for yourself, then? Interesting.”
Nobody else had any objection.
“Right. Behind the scenes, as Farmus attacked us, it was Clayman
controlling Mjurran and all the rest. I can’t let that stand. There’s a pretty
good chance he’s the one who sicced Milim and Frey on Eurazania, too.
That’s all the reason I need, isn’t it?”
My audience nodded back.
I then discussed my thoughts further with them—about our future
relations with the Western Nations, about the postwar cleanup with Farmus,
about the need to keep the Holy Church from interfering with us, and about
rescuing Carillon, as I promised the Beast Kingdom’s denizens. I also passed
out work assignments along the way.
“Rigurd! I’m leaving negotiations with the Western Nations to you.
Evacuating all those merchants back to Blumund should be a pretty good
bargaining chip to work with. Keep in mind the trust we’ve built so far and
proceed carefully.”
“Yes, Sir Rimuru! You can count on me!”
He sounded ready for the job. The other elders looked just as enthusiastic
about it, practically bursting with confidence. I guess they were on pretty
good terms with the merchants.
“Benimaru! I want you to tabulate exactly what happened to everyone
who evolved in town. We’re going to use every weapon at our disposal to
crush Clayman, and to do that, I need to know what kind of powers I have to
work with.”
Page|248
Goldenagato|  “Yes, Sir Rimuru.”
He, too, was brimming with confidence. It was the expression of a true
general, one worthy of being entrusted with all military matters. He sucked at
keeping an eye on Shion, but when it came to this job, here was a man you
could rely on.
“Shion! I’ll have you interrogate our prisoners. Yohm and Mjurran, you’ll
help Shion out with that. Make them talk as much as you can about the state
of things inside Farmus, and help us seize their country. Before we do that,
we’ll have to finish all the postwar cleanup work, too. There’s going to be a
new nation set in place, one with Yohm as its king and leader, and we need
all the intel we can to make it work. Don’t kill any of them, all right? They
might be useful to us later.”
“I happily accept the task, Sir Rimuru!”
“Sure thing, pal.”
“I will do what I can. Hopefully it will help me repay the favor a little.”
Shion was ready. I made doubly sure to instruct her not to kill anyone,
because I easily imagined her doing so otherwise. We should be fine now,
hopefully, even as I sensed a sort of restless turbulence deep within her eyes
that concerned me. Hopefully I was just imagining it. She was always quick
to fly into a rage, so I figured this would be a good way to let her get back at
’em, but maybe I was being a bit too rash.
Ah well. She wouldn’t be alone, ever, so I figured it’d be fine. I had future
work for Yohm and Mjurran, so it’d be best if they helped her for now. I
made sure to have them contact me should Shion begin to act unstable. That
ought to be enough caution to cover my ass.
“Soei!”
“I will gather information on Clayman as quickly as I can.”
Ah. Right. Good. Soei’s certainly a man who can work. He guessed at my
motives before I could even give him his orders, and Clayman was the only
prey in his eyes right now. Scary dude. Glad I could rely on him—and before
I could finish the thought, all five members of our espionage team had
disappeared, already carrying out their duties. Once he was back, I was sure
we’d have another strategic conference to carry out.
As for the others:
“Now, as I’ve said, I’m going to crush Clayman. I’d like the Three
Lycanthropeers to help me with this if possible?”
Page|249
Goldenagato|  “I would expect nothing else, O great leader of Jura.”
“Just say the word! We’re running on your orders for now!”
“We are all of the same mind. We lycanthropes reward trust with trust—
we repay our favors with our lives. We trust you, and you have given us a
favor we could never repay. Now allow us to stake our lives on paying you
back!”
“All right. Well, here’s the order. I want you to rest up, recharge
yourselves, and prepare for the decisive duel!”
“““Yes, Sir Rimuru!”””
All three of them kneeled and acknowledged that they were under my
orders. That’d be a huge boost to our war power, not to mention some extra
provisions to use against Clayman. That was a relief.
“Good. So, I want everyone else to evaluate the damage to our town and
repair it. We also need some living quarters set up for the lycanthropes—help
them maintain a decent quality of life while they’re here. And keep up your
security patrols to make sure we don’t have any fights or trouble!”
Everyone nodded their agreement. That marked the end of this salvo of
orders.
“Excellent. Now we’ll just wait for Soei’s report before we hold another
conference. Until then, I want all of you to figure out the main issues with the
work you’re assigned and put together a plan we can execute against them!”
“““Yes, sir!”””
The audience stood up and saluted me. I nodded and gave them a little
smile, putting on my mask as I sat down.
“Get to it!”
Every one of them immediately sprang into action.
The only ones left in the room were Diablo, Shuna, and me. Shion griped a
bit about being the “real” secretary and all that, but (luckily for me) she put
the orders I gave her first. She lectured Diablo a bit on what the job of
secretary entailed, but he was perfectly safe in ignoring all of that. Already he
was eagerly nodding and giving thoughtful looks at what I said, so maybe
that made Shion get all stuck-up with him. If I hadn’t stopped her, she might
still be yapping at him now.
Page|250
Goldenagato|  I had given her three prisoners to interrogate. She had to take that job
seriously or else it’d be pointless. It wasn’t an interrogation so much as
torture at Shion’s hands, truthfully speaking. I had given permission for her
to deal any kind of mental anguish she could think of, as long as physical
pain wasn’t involved. The victims I resurrected were allowed to join in, too,
and I was sure they’d be more than eager to make them sing like canaries.
The anger swirling within me had largely calmed now that they were all
back. It meant I had no real drive to kill that seedy-looking old man and the
guy from the Western Holy Church. The main perpetrator already had his
heart broken by Diablo, besides. I couldn’t forgive them, but I no longer had
much interest in laying my hands on them.
Depending on how things went, it might be better to let the king of
Farmus and the archbishop live so we could more effectively use them. As
long as Shion didn’t kill them, then, I was prepared to give tacit approval to
whatever she did. If someone hits you, you gotta hit back. Hit back, put the
fear of God in them, and make sure they never make the same mistake again.
Shion was the perfect person to handle this, and once she extracted the info
we needed, I was sure she’d give them a hearty meal—using Master Chef to
make sure it tasted just  the way she wanted.
While Shion played the role of interrogator, I had other business to take
care of.
First, I had to study how this world handled postwar cleanup. I wanted to
at least consider things like what they did with POWs, as well as the other
conventional wisdom surrounding warfare around here. If all of mankind
considered us to be monsters, then I could just operate by my own rules—but
if there was a chance we could build cooperative relationships, like we had
now, I wanted to nudge things in that direction as much as I could.
Thus I decided to examine what nations generally did in times like these.
Yohm and Elen’s gang wouldn’t know anything about politics or
government. For something like this, Vester was my man. Soon, there was a
knock on the door, followed by Diablo bringing the former dwarven minister
into my chamber.
“I hear you called for me, sir?” he asked when he set eyes upon me. “And
let me say, I am so glad to see you safe after all these calamities that befell
Page|251
Goldenagato|  us!”
Yeah, that ain’t the half of it. Not that they were over yet, either. I decided
to cut straight to the point.
“You said it. But I wanted to ask you: How do human countries around
here wage war against each other?”
“…Ah, you are curious about Farmus, then? That is a rather thorny issue
to deal with.”
Vester then began discussing the rules of war with me.
First off, Western Nations countries that were members of the so-called
Council of the West generally didn’t fight one another. Even if they did, it’d
have to involve formal declarations of war and a litany of strict rules. Failure
to adhere to those would put the full weight of the Council against you—
meaning every other nation in that western region, pretty much.
What about nations not involved with the Council, though? Assorted
scenarios could play out in that case, but basically, the Council never got
involved no matter who won or lost. If one side engaged in behavior that was
cruel and inhumane beyond reason, however, it would certainly torpedo that
nation’s reputation within the Council. Just because rules didn’t apply to the
other side, that didn’t mean you could do whatever you wanted. Trying to
navigate the boundaries of this seemed like a big headache to me.
On the other hand, though, if you were invaded by another nation, that
was a different story. You had the right to request rescue support from the
Council, and that was one major reason why the Council had so many small
kingdoms represented among its ranks.
Larger nations, such as the Dwarven Kingdom and the Eastern Empire
(full name: Nasca Namrium Ulmeria United Eastern Empire), naturally
weren’t involved with the Council. Get stormed by one of those outfits, and
the Council was ready to handle that with a unified front—but if you’re the
one storming them, the Council was totally hands-off. You might even get
kicked out of the Council for needlessly riling a superpower like that.
Having it laid out for me like that, it sounded like the Council—this sort
of United Nations–like presence in this world—was based pretty heavily
around the idea of weaker nations helping one another out. Considering the
ever-present threat of monsters, I suppose, people there had learned that wars
Page|252
Goldenagato|  among mankind were pointless.
Now I had some level of understanding to work with. Within that
framework, the Kingdom of Farmus had staged a single-handed invasion of
Tempest. Was this a holy war, involving the full will of the Western Holy
Church? That was a thornier question.
“That’s exactly the issue,” Vester advised. “If Farmus had won or at least
forced a stalemate, the Holy Church could’ve driven a litany of other nations
to join the battle. The way things are now, though…”
…Yeah. It took one slime to wipe out the entirety of Farmus’s military
force. We’re talking literally three survivors. It had to be one of the biggest
routs in all of history. Plus, they invaded a country with ties to Blumund. Was
it really worth picking a fight with a nation like ours? Beating us wouldn’t
earn them anything; it wouldn’t make anyone move from one side to the
other. And winning was a pretty big long shot from the start…
“So,” I said, “if the Holy Church abandons Farmus, is it safe to say no
other human nation will be willing to stage a military operation against us?”
“The Dwarven Kingdom isn’t part of the Council, but they do keep up on
their internal goings-on. From my perspective, I would not expect any moves
from them at all.”
Well, huh. Maybe we’re in a better situation than I thought.
“Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee! I see, I see. Perhaps a show of force would be
advisable against the Western Nations…”
“Hang on, Diablo. I have my own thoughts about that.”
“My pardons.”
“Nah, nah. I think I’m gonna ask you to make Farmus capitulate to us.”
“Ohhh! I would be glad to take that duty.”
I nodded at him as I thought this over. Once we had Veldora resurrected,
the Western Nations and the Church would be essentially bound and gagged.
We could use that opportunity to prove we weren’t their enemy. Farmus was
probably going to get cut out of the Council before long, besides.
Report. I believe matters will proceed in the way you predict.
Good. With Raphael, Lord of Wisdom and all that backing me up, it had
to be a sure thing.
Page|253
Goldenagato|  Now, how were prisoners of war handled in this world? Unfortunately,
even Vester didn’t have much to offer. Wars just weren’t that common, and
POWs were generally exchanged for other prisoners, for money, or for other
rights and privileges.
The idea of a nation taking a rival’s supreme leader prisoner was
practically unheard of. Such a talentless king would quickly lose the faith of
his people, no doubt, so I’d be surprised if anyone accused us of regicide or
some other dirty deed like that. I suppose we could say that he died in battle,
but it’d be much better to give him back alive, I think.
“All right. Thanks for the advice. I’m glad you’re here for us, Vester.”
“Oh, no, it’s nothing that impressive,” he replied, visibly blushing.
His personality had mellowed out considerably here in Tempest, making
him kind of a cheerful, intelligent man with a darker side that occasionally
rose to the surface, but blushing definitely did not fit his look. There’s
nothing cute about a middle-aged guy acting all bashful. “Ah, I almost forgot:
Is it all right if I report on these events to King Gazel?”
“Sure, no problem. Tell him to give me some feedback if he has any.”
Even if we tried to hide it, they’d find out in a flash. Better to just give
him the whole, unvarnished truth.
“Very well. I will be off, then…”
He was still blushing when he took his leave. Then something clicked in
my mind. Wait a second. What if he wasn’t being bashful at all? What if he
was just that, you know, charmed by me? I did have my mask off.
Wait… No way…
Assorted concerning scenarios flashed through my mind. I’d just have to
hope none of them came to fruition.
The moment Vester left the chamber:
Report. Analysis and Assessment of Unlimited Imprisonment is
complete.
Well, perfect. Thanks, Raphael. Let’s go outside and get Veldora out of
Page|254
Goldenagato|  there pronto.
“I’ve got some business to take care of, so I’ll be gone for a bit. I don’t
need anyone to accompany me. Shuna, show Diablo around town for me.”
“Very well. Take care.”
“Thank you for your consideration, Sir Rimuru.”
“No prob. See you later.”
Before long, I was deep inside the Sealed Cave—the very place where
Veldora was being held, a region I didn’t even let Gabil and his army come
near. Unleashing the dragon in the middle of town was likely to cause some,
uh, consternation, so I went down here instead. Besides, even when sealed,
the area around him was so dense with magicules that people couldn’t even
come near the place.
For me, though, it was easy. It used to take several minutes to pin down
the coordinates for Spatial Motion, but now it required no more than a
passing thought to wrap it up. In an instant, the two points in space were
connected, and a hole opened up before me. One hop was all it took to reach
my destination.
Okay. Let’s review where we’re at right now.
I’ve evolved into a demon lord, and my skills have changed quite a bit as
a result. Essentially, all those skills (Spatial Motion included) have been
brought together under the same umbrella—an umbrella called Raphael, Lord
of Wisdom—making them all much easier to use.
The ultimate skills Raphael’s powers involved (quoting from him) were:
Mind Accelerate, Analyze and Assess, Parallel Computation, Cast Cancel,
All of Creation, Combine/Disassemble, and Ability Adjust. The unique skill
Deviant, an old memento from Shizu, was gone, now integrated into
Raphael’s own abilities. Maybe that was why he was a lot more talkative than
my old partner?
Incorrect. That is unrelated.
So it wasn’t “just my imagination” this time. And that must mean…
Ahhh, but let’s not pursue this right now.
By the way, Mind Accelerate lets me extend my rate of thinking by up to
Page|255
Goldenagato|  a million times. It’s a little hard to picture that with words alone, but crank it
up, and it feels like time’s stopped for you. Thanks to all these skills, I could
now trigger multiple magics at the same time, with no more than a fraction of
a second’s delay between them. It was virtually incomparable with the Great
Sage.
The ultimate skill Belzebuth, meanwhile, encompassed Predation,
Stomach, Mimicry, Isolate, Rot, Soul Consume, and Food Chain. Soul
Consume was a new power for me. Merciless, a power I thought could come
in pretty handy, was subsumed into the others—a pity, but it was still active
within Soul Consume. I still needed to break my target’s heart before I could
take their soul, but it was pretty handy in practice anyway.
Another interesting thing was that Receive and Provide had merged into
Food Chain. It set up this entire skill tree of sorts to tap into, with myself at
the very peak. Monsters below me could provide their strength to back me
up, and I could divert some of my own strength down to them. It was
ridiculous—and even now, it was doing its thing, granting me access to the
skills the town’s monsters picked up in their evolution. I was letting Raphael
take care of all that for me.
That rounded out my skill set, and even I was shocked at how
superpowered it was. There’s no way I could take full advantage of this stuff.
Raphael himself was subject to Food Chain, too, placing him in the midst of
an Ability Adjust. If these skills were gonna change all the time, why bother
remembering them?
But enough about me. Let’s turn our attention to Veldora.
This has been a long time coming, hasn’t it? Nearly two years, in fact. But
I was finally ready to keep my promise. I still needed to find a vessel of some
kind for the guy, but I had a feeling one skill or another would take care of
that for me.
I’m bustin’ you outta there, Veldora!!
Then I placed the order with Raphael.
The moment I did, a virtual tempest of magicules swirled around within
my Stomach. If I hadn’t evolved Belzebuth, I’m not sure the Stomach
Page|256
Goldenagato|  would’ve been able to take the strain. It felt like a near-overwhelming gale
had burst out of nowhere.
“I, the great and venerable Veldora, have returned!!”
“Venerable”? Dude, is this some new way of talking you developed while
you were in here?
“Hey!” I said, trying to keep things light. “Long time no see! How you
doin’?”
“…You seem to be treating this great resurrection of mine rather
flippantly. But it came more quickly than I expected. I had anticipated a
while longer.”
“Yeah, I’ll bet. Analyzing the Unlimited Imprisonment took a hell of a lot
of time in itself. The way I was doing it, I’d probably need another hundred
years or so, I’d guess. But then my Great Sage kind of evolved on me, so…”
“Evolved? No wonder, then. Even my unique skill Investigator told me to
expect another century or so. All I could do was send the information I
gleaned from the inside to your Sage, but the flow of data vastly accelerated
itself out of nowhere, so I was wondering what was afoot. A skill evolving,
though…? What happened there?”
I answered the question as best I could—I became a demon lord, my
unique skill became an ultimate skill, the Sage became Raphael, and I’m one
lean, mean, analyzin’ machine now.
“Ahhh… I see. And you’ve become a demon lord in the span of under two
years?! An awakened demon lord is not some imposter pushover. Even I
would have problems against such a foe!”
By “awakened,” I assumed he meant a true demon lord. When a potential
seed goes through the Harvest Festival, that apparently “awakens” them—not
that it really matters to me at this point.
“Yeah, well, um… What can I say, huh? I was always kind of like a
genius, wasn’t I? Even back then. No regular dude would be reborn as a
slime, after all. I kept on naming people, too, and that made me evolve really
quickly. I mean, really, it was…easy.”
“…You’ve taken far too many risks, you fool. No wonder I noticed my
magical energy being taken from me when I wasn’t paying attention.
Whenever you lacked the energy to carry out your ridiculous naming sprees,
you took what you needed automatically from me. Of all the foolish things! It
was such a blow to my analysis performance that I feared it would extend my
Page|257
Goldenagato|  imprisonment. But your evolution saved us this time, then? Never did I ever
anticipate anything of the sort!”
Huh? So… So I survived all those epic naming sessions mainly because of
Veldora? I mean, I did think it was kind of weird, pulling off all these
evolutions at what seemed like a minimum of risk. Definitely gotta knock off
the naming jags in the future. Hell, no wonder the demon lords didn’t
immediately set out to build a vast army for themselves. Now it made sense.
But what’s done is done. Let’s just call it all part of the plan, huh?
“I bet you didn’t. Well, I planned it that way the whole time. Did you
receive any gift from my evolution, by the way? The World Language said
something about everyone in my spiritual genealogy getting something…”
We should have been connected that way, too. But instead, I felt an
audible huh? from my Thought Communication. Veldora fell silent for a bit.
Then:
“Ah! Ahhh! So this is an evolved skill! My unique skill Investigator has
become the ultimate skill Faust, Lord of Investigation! The power to reach
the ultimate truth, the final goal of my boundless research!!”
He sounded pretty excited about it, dancing around a bit in the cave. I
dunno, maybe he’s the type who’s slow on the uptake. His teacher probably
would’ve written “too inattentive” on his report card. But whatever.
“Oh, um, that’s great. A lot easier to evolve than you thought, huh?”
“You fool!” came the exasperated reply. “Not even I was aware of such
phenomena. It is not  a lot easier than I thought!”
No, I suppose not. True demon lords were a rarity, after all, and I suppose
it wasn’t such a common thing.
We spent the next while catching up on stuff, sharing our knowledge with
each other. Really, we could’ve spent all day down there, but I wanted to get
Veldora out into the open sooner or later.
“Hey, so now that the seal’s gone and everything, you wanna go see
what’s going on outside?”
“Ah, yes. But what will we do about a vessel to serve as my physical
body?”
“I think we can find a way to make that happen, but there’s something I
want you to promise me, all right?”
Page|258
Goldenagato|  “Oh? What is that?”
“Your aura’s too huge. I want you to hold it back for me. We have human
beings in town now, as well as a variety of weaker monsters. If you show up
in resurrected form over there, it’s gonna wreck everything, won’t it?”
“…Ah. You really have become a king, haven’t you? All right. You have
my word!”
Obtaining this firm promise was the whole reason I went so deep into this
cave in the first place. I needed to be sure he could keep that crazy flow of
magicules in check. Once I had his word, I unleashed my brand-new
Enhanced Replication, or whatever it was called. This was the vessel I had in
mind for Veldora—an exact duplicate of me, handsome face and everything.
…Well, huh. No wonder Vester fell for me. I had matured from before,
taller and more grown-up. Bewitching, even. Must be the evolution affecting
me.
“Hmm. Is that your intention…?”
“Yep. Use it as your vessel.”
“Gah-ha-ha-ha-ha! I see! Very well, then!”
With his blessing, I transplanted Veldora’s spiritual body—his heart, as it
were—from my Stomach to the Enhanced Replication. He didn’t even have
an astral body at the moment, making the operation very unstable, although
it’d gradually rebuild itself as part of Veldora’s spiritual life process. My
Replication should be the final defense he needed for now…or so I thought.
Report. I have an important development to share.
Whatever Raphael had, it sounded important. Something to do with
Veldora, perhaps.
Report. I have confirmed the establishment of a “soul corridor”
between my master and the individual Veldora. After consuming the
remains of the individual Veldora and analyzing them, I have obtained
the ultimate skill Veldora, Lord of the Storm.
That was some pretty heady crap that Raphael was reporting on, as if it
was the day’s weather. So shocking that I lost my words for a moment.
Page|259
Goldenagato|  Apparently, Belzebuth consumed the dregs of Veldora that remained in my
Stomach, obtaining part of its powers for itself. This firmed up the link
between our souls, transforming it into this new power.
The ultimate skill Veldora consisted of Summon Storm Dragon, Restore
Storm Dragon, and a family of storm-related magic. Summon Storm Dragon
called forth Veldora in dragon form, the way I remembered him. He was a
spiritual life-form now, but once he was fully recovered, I should be able to
summon him in that shape as well. I can summon only one dragon at a time;
if I summon another, the first one disappears. Maybe I could take advantage
of this for transport purposes? It seemed feasible.
Restore Storm Dragon copied Veldora’s memories into my own mind. In
other words, if Veldora died for some reason, I could replace him—or, to put
it another way, the “real” Veldora would reside within my own soul. That
was what allowed me to summon him whenever I wanted, I suppose.
The storm magic granted me access to Death-Calling Wind, Dark
Lightning, and Storm of Destruction. These were all incredibly powerful
spells, not at all the sort you’d find in a grimoire down at the local library, so
it was a nice bonus.
That rounded out the set, and to sum up, it meant Veldora was using me as
a kind of backup. Which I didn’t mind, especially if it unlocked all of
Veldora’s skills for me.
“A ‘soul corridor’?” Veldora asked. “So all my memories and experiences
are gathered in your mind, regardless of where we are in time and space. As
long as you do not cease to exist, I am immortal. If I am subjected to
Unlimited Imprisonment, you can simply resummon me to spring me out. I
was once nearly invincible, but now I see I’ve been granted eternal life as
well.”
Wow. Really? Like, that totally seems like cheating. Although it assumes
I’ll manage to keep myself alive going forward. Still, crazy. I could create
these situations, like— Ha-ha! You thought you could take me? Well, check
out this storm dragon I just happened to have bumping around in my pocket!
Heh-heh-heh. I almost felt bad for my rivals. Talk about the ultimate ace in
the hole.
With that soul-corridor connection, changes began to occur within
Page|260
Goldenagato|  Veldora. With his heart linked up to my soul, he had lost all his
vulnerabilities. In a single moment, both his astral and spiritual bodies were
regenerated, giving him new life in his original, complete form.
And then:
“Mnh?!”
Page|261
Goldenagato|  Page|262
Goldenagato|  He grunted, and then his Enhanced Replication began to mutate. It grew
and grew and grew, coming close to seven feet tall. Now he was tall, well-
built, supple, and quite muscular. His skin was a dark shade of brown, his
hair blond, and his looks rugged and masculine. He was a fine figure of a
man, one with just a few suggestions of my own facial features still in place.
It was kind of like if you took my external human form and made it
deliberately manlier.
I couldn’t get this manly even if I tried faking it, so Veldora’s will
must’ve been involved with this. Just like the battle-obsessed freak he was,
he probably wished for something that looked strong and would hold up in a
fight. Ah well. At least he didn’t grow into his full, gigantic dragon form.
This resurrection certainly seemed to fill him with joy, too. “Gahhh-ha-ha-
ha-ha-ha! I am fully restored!! I have obtained ultimate power! Anyone who
defies me shall be slain!!”
…Um, hang on a sec. That’s weird, isn’t it? He’s starting to sound like a
villain here. And where have I heard that line before?
—Wait. That’s gotta be a famous line from the boss character in a manga
I used to love…
“Uh… Dude. Why do you know that line?”
“Gah-ha-ha-ha-ha! I was rather bored in there, so to pass the time, I
analyzed your memories and read through the works I found inside.”
“Um, don’t you think your analysis work would’ve gone a hell  of a lot
faster if you didn’t waste your skills on stuff like that?!”
“What?!”
“…Huh?”
We stared at each other. It wasn’t exactly an affectionate moment.
Veldora’s eyes swam as he considered what he had done.
“…Well, regardless, I have finally been released! My thanks to you,
Rimuru!”
Way to change the subject, you bastard. I swore in my heart that I would
pursue this issue in detail  later on.
Still, just as I requested, Veldora was trying his best to rein in his aura. He
was trying, but after having his full, vast, expansive strength restored to him,
Page|263
Goldenagato|  it was all gushing out like a tsunami. So I gave him a crash course in aura
suppression—otherwise, I’d never be able to introduce him to anyone else.
“Not like that! Try to picture it building up in a little compartment in your
body!”
“Mmh? Ah, speaking of which…”
Veldora closed his eyes, meditating over something for a moment. Then I
noticed his aura shrink down a considerable amount.
“How is this?”
“Ohhh, much better.”
“Gahhhh-ha-ha-ha! I see my manga knowledge has paid off! It is as if all
the knowledge of the world was contained inside those arcane volumes!”
—No it’s not, dumbass. What a goofball, trying to act out all those crazy
stories. But…well, with a little practice, he oughtta be fine.
Report. The Food Chain process on the monsters who share in
your soul hierarchy is complete. A large number of skills have been
gifted to you, their master. Would you like me to sift through them and
execute Ability Adjust?
Yes
No
Now the Harvest Festival had done its work on the townspeople.
There was no way I’d be able to fully harness the dozens, perhaps
hundreds of skills streaming my way. Better to have someone rework them to
be as simple and easy to use as possible. I mean, really, a skill’s something
you may or may not be able to obtain after many years of diligently applying
your latent talents. Now I had a zillion. It was just too much—a waste of
power on someone like me.
So I thought YES—and the process of elimination wrapped up in an
instant.
Report. Using the unique skill Unlimited Imprisonment as a base,
the consolidation process has been completed. The unique skill
Unlimited Imprisonment has evolved into the ultimate skill Uriel, Lord
of Vows.
Page|264
Goldenagato|  Wait. Waaaaaaait  a second. Since when did I have Unlimited
Imprisonment, too?! Because I think that’s kind of an important piece of
information, but Raphael treated it as a total given, didn’t he…? I guess he’s
just the kind of person to lose all interest in a solved problem, no matter how
difficult it was.
So. Lord of Vows. Or loyalty, to put it another way. The collected prayers
from those who vow fealty to me. All those prayers crystallized to form this
new ultimate skill—and the moment I obtained it, I could feel a new strength.
Strength, and an unbelievably reassuring peace of mind. And why wouldn’t
I? This strength was proof positive of the bonds my friends and I shared.
But…hang on. Does this now mean I’m in possession of four ultimate
skills? Those are some amazing toys, there. Nobody’s gonna mind if I get a
little carried away with them, would they?
…Ah, but I shouldn’t let my guard down. Villains usually meet their
tragic doom when they get all cocky like that. No self-proclaimed demon lord
would leave themselves open like that. Whenever I do, things usually go
awry, don’t they? We need to proceed carefully.
For now, let’s go over our new skills.
Understood. The forces of the ultimate skill Uriel, Lord of Vows are
as follows:
I had Raphael spell them out for me, as always.
Apparently, this skill had merged some of my extra skills into it as well.
The only intrinsic skills I had left at the end were Infinite Regeneration,
Universal Detect, Universal Shapeshift, Lord’s Ambition, Enhanced
Replication, and Universal Thread.
Meanwhile, the skill itself largely offered the following four features:
Unlimited Imprisonment, Control Laws, Universal Barrier, and Dominate
Space.
Unlimited
Imprisonment:Entombs the target in a complex number of spatial
dimensions.
Universal Provides absolute defense with a multilayer barrier
Page|265
Goldenagato|  Barrier: and the severing of space between both sides.
Control Laws: Black fire and thunder. Magical control. Control of
heat quantities and inertia. The ability to freely store
and remove heat from the Stomach.
Dominate Space: A movement ability, allowing the user to freely switch
between spaces for which they are aware of the
coordinates.
So, kind of the culmination of a lot of skills I had gathered so far.
I could trigger Unlimited Imprisonment any time I wanted to. It was equal
to the prison Veldora had been trapped in, making anyone caught inside
impossible to retrieve, by and large. Universal Barrier automatically
protected my body—fully handled by Raphael—without my having to think
about it.
Control Laws seemed like it’d let me engineer all kinds of phenomena
through the control of magicules. The description was a lot of Greek to me,
really, but for now I could have Raphael figure it out if I wanted something.
Dominate Space, meanwhile, was about as close to instant teleportation as
you could get. As long as I could perceive something with Universal Detect, I
could flick myself right over there, no need to build a hole in space or
anything. This included any place I had visited before, although that required
a little time delay.
Frankly, the powers of Uriel were mind-boggling. All the offense from
before, plus movement, defense, and banishment—all massively powered up.
I felt safe in summarizing it that way.
Like, I’m invincible now, aren’t I—? No, no, I just told myself I’d refrain
from such nonsense. No getting carried away.
As I pored over my new skills, Veldora seemed to have controlling his
aura pretty well mastered, figuring out the traits of Faust, Lord of
Investigation along the way. He keeps on spouting off such incredible BS that
I forgot, but Veldora’s actually a lot smarter than I am.
This Faust thing was pretty amazing, too. It encompassed five skills—
Mind Accelerate, Analyze and Assess, All of Creation, Control Probability,
and Investigate Truth—and if you asked me to explain how it worked, I’d be
stumped. A couple of those skills I had never heard of before, but sadly, Food
Page|266
Goldenagato|  Chain wasn’t in the cards for him. No need to be greedy, though. I doubted
he’d be able to fully use it anyway.
So our preparations were complete. Now, for the first time in several
centuries, Veldora would be unleashed on the outside world.
Upon leaving the cave with him, I found everyone waiting for us at the
entrance—and really, we were just about to have chaos on our hands. A large
number of people were assembled around the cave, and they were (to say the
least) unruly.
Some of them had already realized the legendary Storm Dragon was back
to life, with one contingent wanting to march inside to save me and the other
refusing to budge until I gave them orders. The arguments between them had
grown heated in my absence, even as Benimaru stood silently with arms
crossed.
“But I tell you, if Sir Rimuru is gone, then we’ve got no way to rescue
Carillon, our lord. We gotta get him outta there, no matter the cost!”
“How many times do I have to repeat myself? Sir Rimuru ventured into
the cave of his own volition. Clearly he has some motivation for this, and it is
not for us to interfere with that.”
“But it’s been three days! If we don’t do something—”
“All right, you mewling vermin! Will you be quiet for me, or would you
like to be crushed instead?”
“What’d you say?!”
“Enough, Diablo!” Benimaru finally thundered. “You are not mediating
over this conflict at all! And it’s all right, Sufia. There is no doubt that Sir
Rimuru is just fine. If he is in any danger, we will immediately take action.
But if Veldora, guardian deity of the Forest of Jura, has come back to life, we
certainly cannot afford to make any ill-advised moves.”
He distractedly scratched his head. I guess things were a lot worse than I
pictured. Wow, three whole days? Between freeing Veldora and working out
my skills, I must’ve lost all sense of time.
By the looks of things, the lycanthropes wanted to plunge into the cave
and Diablo was trying to stop them. My demon was being backed up by
Treyni and the other dryad sisters, along with Jura’s other native residents,
Page|267
Goldenagato|  although Diablo himself was trying to act as a neutral arbitrator.
Now it was time to delve in myself. This whole quarrel was my and
Veldora’s fault anyway, so…
“Hey, guys. Sorry if I made you all worry.”
“““Sir Rimuru!!”””
This led to yet more gasps and shouts as Rigurd sprinted up to me.
“Ahhh, Sir Rimuru! You’re safe! We were so worried! We received word
from the Sealed Cave that Veldora the Storm Dragon’s presence revived
itself without warning. Are you all right? We heard you had ventured into the
cave.”
I gave the concerned-looking Rigurd a smile and a nod to show I was fine.
“Alvis, Sufia, Phobio, and all the other lycanthropes—I guess I put a lot
of undue concern on you. Sorry. I should’ve explained myself better.”
“N-no, Sir Rimuru. As long as you’re safe, it’s fine.”
“I was so worried, but…indeed, it is fine.”
“So what happened to the Storm Dragon?”
The Three Lycanthropeers seemed greatly relieved. Given how I was the
key to rescuing Carillon, I’m sure my absence must’ve freaked them out
mightily. Veldora, meanwhile, must not have liked the “Sir” being omitted
from his epithet, because he scowled back at them. I grinned, patted his
shoulder, and told him to calm down before I addressed the crowd.
“That is exactly what I came here to show you all. But before that, allow
me to introduce—”
I then pushed Veldora, the handsome young man standing next to me,
toward the forefront.
“This is li’l old Veldora in the flesh! He’s kinda shy, but make nice with
him, all right?”
The entire region of town fell into silence. Everyone’s eyes landed on
Veldora, nobody daring to say a word. In the midst of this:
“Wait a moment! Enough of that nonsense! I am not in the least bit shy—I
just had so few people reach my domain while they were still breathing, up to
now.”
It was delivered in a peeved, dissatisfied voice, but it was more than
enough to plunge the scene right back into chaos.
………
……
Page|268
Goldenagato|  …
The dryads were the first to recover. They all kneeled before Veldora,
Treyni included, and bowed their heads.
“O Sir Veldora, guardian of the forest, how it fills us with joy from the
heart to see you alive and well again!”
“Gahhh-ha-ha-ha! The dryads, eh? Haven’t seen you in ages. Well done
managing my forest for me!”
“Oh, we hardly deserve your praise. It is still nowhere near enough of a
task to repay the favor you showed us, taking us in after we were separated
from our Spirit Queen.”
“Ah, don’t worry about it. So I guess you and Rimuru are working
together? I intend to be just as obliged to him going forward, so keep up the
good work!”
Whoa. What’s he mean, “just as obliged”? We’re gonna have a talk about
that later on, to be sure. I had a feeling I’d be taking care of a lazy, useless
bum unless I stepped up and did something about it.
“Y-yes. Certainly. But—”
“Umm, if I may,” piped up Doreth, youngest of the dryads, recovering
from her paralysis just in time to take the words from Treyni’s mouth. “Sir
Veldora, what kind of relationship do you have with Sir Rimuru?”
I could tell everyone was straining their ears to hear the answer. They
were intensely curious about it. I could practically hear them holding their
breath.
“Ah, that? Eh-heh-heh. You’d like to know?”
Don’t give me that “eh-heh-heh” crap, man. What’s the point of acting all
high and mighty here?
“Yes! By all means!”
Everyone else nodded. It served only to make Veldora smile triumphantly.
You see? You guys all spoiled this dragon for so long that he thinks he can
get away with well near anything.
“We…are friends!!”
Oh please. Stop. Now you’re embarrassing me, too. I wanted to die of
shame at the way he proudly bellowed it out, but the monsters gathered
before us were now more frenzied than ever.
“My goodness! First Lady Milim and now Sir Veldora?!”
“When did he ever do that …?”
Page|269
Goldenagato|  “Ohhh, yeah, ol’ Rimuru’s always been that way! Really cool!”
“Yeah, that’s sure the slime I know. I’ve come to expect damn near
anything from him, really…”
The murmuring continued for a few more moments.
“So… Er, why are you taking that form, Sir Veldora?”
“Oh, this? My friend Rimuru prepared it for me. Over the past three days,
he has helped me learn how to restrain my aura so I can converse with all of
you without any adverse effects. What do you think? Don’t you agree this is
better as well?”
“I do.” Treyni sighed, overcome with emotion. “I really do.”
“This will be a great help to all of us, truly.”
“You look so amazing, Sir Veldora!!”
“Yes! Yes, I do, don’t I? Gahhh-ha-ha-ha!”
The other dryad sisters gave Veldora just the kind of praise he craved.
Well, if he’s happy, I’m not gonna rain on his parade.
“Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh. Well done, Sir Rimuru. You trained him to hold
back that all-powerful aura of his? How fascinating…”
“You said it, Diablo. But more than that, he’s friends with Sir Veldora?
That’s what I’m more surprised about.”
“Perhaps,” Rigurd said, “but looking back, it makes sense. Sir Rimuru
first showed himself in our village just when Sir Veldora himself
disappeared.”
“Indeed, I had always wondered if the timing of the two events was more
than a coincidence.”
“Yeah, I kinda kept it a secret from you guys. I thought at the time it’d
take a century or so to free Veldora, and if word got out, there was no telling
who’d take that as a signal to attack us.”
“Ah, I see…”
My explanation seemed convincing enough to them—and in the end,
Veldora became a member of our town far more easily than I’d guessed.
Just then, Soei appeared before me via Spatial Motion—I guess that was
my gift to him.
“Sir Rimuru, I have returned to report on Clayman’s activity…”
Before he could continue, he realized that he was surrounded by the Three
Page|270
Goldenagato|  Lycanthropeers and nearly every VIP in the land of Tempest.
“…Did something happen, my lord?” he asked, perhaps hesitant to
divulge his report in front of this massive audience. Yeah, something sure did
happen, didn’t it?
“Oh, nothing too serious. Your report’s the most important thing for now.
Here, you three listen in, too—”
“Allow us to, if you could.”
“Yeah, me too!”
“No way we aren’t staying involved now.”
Guess I didn’t need to ask. Great! Now’s the perfect time to nail down a
plan.
“Soei, summon all the town leaders who aren’t here right now! And have
Yohm and Mjurran join us in the great meeting hall. Kabal and his gang, too,
while you’re at it.”
“…At once.”
Then he Spatial Motioned out of there. I was sure he’d have them here in
a flash. It was time for an all-hands conference.
I couldn’t overstate the importance of this meeting. The future of Tempest
was riding on it—a future where man and monster could live together. If
anyone got in the way of that, we’d knock them out of the picture, no matter
what. And right now, my friends and I had the power to do that.
First, the demon lord Clayman. Next, the Western Holy Church. Let’s
have ’em all accept their just deserts for laying hands upon my friends.  The
thought brought a soft smile to my lips.
Page|271
Goldenagato|  Page|272
Goldenagato|  EPILOGUE
THE STRING-PULLER IN THE SHADOWS
The anger was writ clear upon the demon lord Clayman’s face. He had come
so far, and now one plan after another was falling apart on him.
He schemed to have Carillon be attacked by Milim—and then she just
flew over, declared war, and flew on back. Learning of Farmus’s ambitions,
he ordered Mjurran to wreak even more havoc—only to have Rimuru, leader
of the monsters, return to the scene and erase the Farmus military from the
face of the Earth.
Clayman planned to use all this chaos to awaken himself and become the
“true demon lord” he knew he could be. But none of this made sense to him.
Damn all of them! And after that kind benefactor set everything up for my
awakening…
The frustration made him grind his teeth. But his efforts weren’t a
complete failure. Mjurran, one of his pawns, had been killed by Rimuru—and
he could always use that as a pretext to declare war. That was the original
plan, and Mjurran was always meant as a sacrifice toward that end.
Now, though, there was another problem:
In the end, can I actually win?
That was a serious issue. Among the weak human states that dotted the
continent, the Kingdom of Farmus was among the more decently powerful
ones. For this campaign, they had a legion of nothing but knights, numbering
twenty thousand strong—a figure not even Clayman could afford to ignore.
And it took just one magic-born, one Rimuru, to slay them all.
The unbelievable news left the demon lord in a daze for a few moments.
Even worse, Pironé—the little finger of the “five fingers” that formed
Page|273
Goldenagato|  Clayman’s closest, most faithful confidants—had died in the midst of an
espionage operation. Unlike Mjurran, the ring finger, Pironé had been
eminently useful when it came to infiltrating deep into human society.
How annoying this is. Of all the coincidences, the Nuclear Cannon strike
that demon deflected landing a direct hit on my own agent…
The unexpected loss of a vital pawn in his strategy irked him. But the next
ebullient dispatch he received made all the dark clouds in his mind evaporate
away.
—The demon lord Milim had dispatched Carillon, putting an end to the
Beast Kingdom of Eurazania.
Now, finally, Clayman had something to rejoice about. He hadn’t
managed to bring Carillon under his own control, but in terms of daunting the
other demon lords, this would serve well enough. Any demon lord who didn’t
bend to his will was just trash in his way. Milim alone was powerful enough
to overwhelm someone as strong as Carillon, and with her on his side, he
doubted he needed to beef up his offenses any further.
The news came by way of the demon lord Frey, elegantly sipping her tea
as she delivered her tidings. There was no reason to doubt it. The demon lord
Carillon was dead. Milim Nava had had no problem dealing with him. And
now she was Clayman’s.
Ten demon lords controlled the vast majority of power in this world.
Three of them, counting himself, were now on the same side, and one was out
of the picture. It pained Clayman that his planned “awakening” had failed,
but Milim had more than made up for this shortcoming.
“Heh-heh-heh… I think we can alter my plans to point matters back in a
beneficial direction.”
“Oh, you think so? Well, glad to be of service, then.”
With that less-than-heartfelt endorsement, Frey stood up.
“I have nothing further to report—and with that, I’ve fulfilled my duty to
you. I’m going home, but what are you going to do with Milim? She’s so
worked up about the battle that she ripped apart the magic-born sent to take
care of her.”
Clayman responded with an exasperated grunt. “Then you take care of
Page|274
Goldenagato|  her. She’s our friend either way.”
“As I told you,” Frey coldly replied, “I’ve fulfilled my duty. I helped you
trick Milim, and I have no obligation to aid you any further.”
But Clayman simply gave her a thin smile. “Heh-heh-heh… You appear
to be mistaken, Frey. Listen to me. I am giving an order to you. Go back, take
Milim with you, and take care of her. Or would you like to be Milim’s next
opponent?”
Frey gave him a stern look in response. She had anticipated this, in a way,
and it didn’t disturb her.
“…Aha. I see. So that was your goal from the start, was it, Clayman?”
“Haaa-ha-ha-ha! Well spotted. So I imagine I know the answer I should
expect…?”
“…All right. I don’t want to wind up like Carillon, no.”
“There you go. Very good. That’s very intelligent of you, Frey. I will
leave Milim in your hands, then. Take her along with you. Wouldn’t want my
own castle destroyed in the process, now would we?”
Frey gave this an exaggerated rolling of her eyes. “And you think I want
my home wrecked? Not that you’ll listen to me…”
“I’m glad we have an understanding, then. You may go.”
The attitude indicated to the world that he no longer saw the demon lord
Frey as an equal. He was calling the shots, and she carried them out. Frey
voiced no great displeasure at this as she gave Clayman a final cold glance
and left the room.
Once he saw she was gone, Clayman closed his eyes and began to think.
The situation had changed so extensively now that he would have to
revise his plans. Losing his chance at an awakening hurt, but it wasn’t an
issue. With Milim’s powers, he decided, he could ram headlong into any
human force and expect a likely victory out of it. Her strength would spread
death and destruction across the land, reaping souls the entire way. That,
Clayman thought, should be enough to elevate him to true demon lord status
without lifting a finger.
His original plan—to set up an orc lord as a new demon king, providing
him with all the backing he needed—was nice, but this was much more
interesting. With Milim, the ultimate trump card, in his hands, there was no
Page|275
Goldenagato|  longer any need to fear his fellow demon lords.
Heh-heh… Now I can finally get Leon out of the picture.
Simply picturing it made a joyous smile creep across his face.
But before Leon—
He would have preferred to put his own priorities first, but that wasn’t
going to happen. He needed to evaluate matters and see what required the
most urgent attention. After all, it was what motivated his benefactor that
mattered the most.
Their enemies could be divided into three camps: the demon lord Leon,
his rival these many years; the leader of the Forest of Jura, proving more
powerful than he first guessed; and the ever-enigmatic Western Holy Church,
along with the Holy Empire of Lubelius that existed above it.
At the moment, direct conflict among demon lords was prohibited. The
downfall of Carillon would likely be filed as yet another case of Milim going
crazy. Maybe some of them would notice Clayman lurking in the shadows,
but he didn’t picture any of them making a public issue out of it. Anyone who
pursued that question would quickly be making Clayman their enemy. These
demon lords were all far too selfish to work together as a group. And if
anyone did pursue him, he could handle it. The ultimate trump card made
none of them seem worth worrying about any longer.
The real issue was the Western Holy Church. Clayman’s sworn friend
Laplace was still planted in their bureaucracy, and this incident provided both
of them with immense backing. The magic-born Rimuru killed twenty
thousand Farmus soldiers, something the Church couldn’t afford to ignore.
So why not pit them against each other on the battlefield and profiteer from
the results? They could wait until both sides reached the limits of their
fatigue, toss Milim in there, and bam—they’d both be gone, practically
without a fight. Clayman could awaken himself that way, too, maybe.
That scenario was exactly what his benefactor wanted—the only master
Clayman ever truly served in his life. And if Clayman could pull it off, he
could then declare war on Leon and stamp out that anxiety for good.
The smile on his face widened. Several mistakes had been made, but
fixing them wouldn’t be a problem. Now he just had to report back to his
benefactor and await the final decision.
Page|276
Goldenagato|  He laughed loudly and boldly, there in his room, already picturing his
lifelong dream finally coming true.
Page|277
Goldenagato|  Page|278
Goldenagato|  Page|279
Goldenagato|  Page|280
Goldenagato|  Page|281
Goldenagato|  Page|282
Goldenagato|  Page|283
Goldenagato|  Page|284
Goldenagato|  Page|285
Goldenagato|  AFTERWORD
Hello!
Here we are with Volume 5 of That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, a
mere month after the previous volume came out in Japan. As always, quite a
bit of this volume is original material that wasn’t in the web version—
hopefully you’ve found it up to snuff.
I’ve been given a decent number of pages for this afterword, so I’m
having trouble figuring out what to say. Maybe I’ll go into some behind-the-
scenes stuff about the production? It might include some spoilers, so I’d
recommend reading the whole book first before proceeding further!
As a rule, the general plot of the light novel edition of Slime is the same as
the web version. However, in order to maintain integrity with the original
material, there have been a few small changes, not to mention a few bigger
ones thanks to the new characters appearing.
Volume 2 was mostly just editing and revision, but from Volume 3 on, I
started adding new content and such. The same was true for Volume 4. If I’d
been running at the same pace as the web version, I would’ve had Rimuru
saving the kids in Volume 3 and evolving into demon lord form at the end of
Volume 4. However, I selfishly wanted to flesh out Volume 3 to talk more
about how the town was developing, and my editor was kind enough to agree
to the edits.
This called for a change in plans. The original idea was to have Volume 4
end in a cliff-hanger as we see Hinata for the first time, and with Volume 5
coming out right afterward in Japan, that’s where Rimuru would wrap up the
encounter, become a demon lord, and then there’d be a bit about his meeting
Page|286
Goldenagato|  up with the other demon lords. However, as I wrote Volume 4, I began to feel
like, This ain’t gonna happen, is it?
Here, from memory, is the phone conversation I had with Mr. I, my
editor.
“Hello. Do you have a free moment?”
“Sure, what’s up?”
“Well, ummmmm… Regarding Volume Four, I think I’m gonna have a
ton more new content than I was planning for…”
“Again?! Didn’t you say the same thing for Volume Three?”
“Yeah… I’ve been cutting out a lot, but if this keeps up, I dunno if I’ll be
able to fit the Hinata battle in or not.”
“…Well, let’s do it! Just keep on writing! We’ll add in more pages if we
have to!”
“Huh? Are you sure? I’m talking a whole lot  of stuff here, so…”
“Sure, it’s fine. I’ve kind of resigned myself to the fact that this is how it’s
gonna be with Slime, so don’t worry about it!”
“Um… Well, all right! Talk to you later!”
That kind of thing.
At this point, my thought was that Volume 4 would be a bit expanded, but
Volume 5 would remain mostly the same length. But! Thanks to being given
carte blanche to expand as much as I wanted, Volume 4 wound up having a
lot of…um, volume. This was even after I cut out a whole section involving
an expedition to the Dwarven Kingdom.
Thus, by the time I was into the second half of the book, the reality was
that I was way the hell over my word count. Bad news, probably.
Time for another phone call.
“Hello? This is Fuse calling. I wanted to talk to you about something, but
did you have a moment?”
“Sure, what is it?”
“Wellllll, I think Volume Four’s gonna be a lot bigger by the time I get
done writing it, but the real issue is with Volume Five.”
“How so?”
Page|287
Goldenagato|  “If we’re gonna cover everything we planned to, I think we’re gonna have
some serious trouble on our hands.”
“Oh? But if we round out Volume Five with the evolution to a demon
lord, that’s gonna be kind of thin content-wise, isn’t it? There won’t be a lot
of quantity at all, I don’t think.”
“Yeah, that’s what I’m a little worried about. It might get a bit thin on that
front, but there’s this bonus arc that I wanted to write at around this point in
the plot, so I was wondering if I could add that to the book…”
“Hmm…”
So Mr. I and myself fleshed out what we wanted to do in detail. And the
result…is the very book you have in your hands right now. Bonus arc? you
may ask. What bonus arc? No, it’s not your imagination, as anyone who’s
read the book—or even the table of contents!—would know.
Why not? Well, it happened again. By the time I finished writing, the
number of pages was through the roof. How did this happen? Oh, the usual
way—more dialogue, more scenes added, more of this and more of that, and
it just sort of turned out that way. You’ll get that bonus arc in the next
volume.
—Not that I know exactly what the next volume is gonna cover yet.
And getting back to that content…
Oh dear, we’re starting to gradually diverge from the web version more
and more over time, aren’t we?!
People familiar with both versions would certainly have noticed this by
Volume 4. The Church is in a rather different position from the one it takes in
the web plot, and with that change, it only follows that other changes trickle
down, affecting future developments. I think I’ll have to deal with more
problems like that in the next volume, too.
I mean, is it okay if I just, like, ignore the web version from now on?!
Page|288
Goldenagato|  I’m starting to imagine the devil whispering something along those lines
into my ear.
When Rimuru officially declares himself a demon lord, you know the
other lords won’t take that sitting down. The Western Holy Church—and
Hinata, its most powerful of paladins—will be making moves, too. We have a
few people behind the scenes as well, and every nation will have its own
reaction that we’ll want to know about.
For people who’ve read the web version, maybe they’ve taken some
solace in the fact that they know how things will turn out. But there are no
absolutes in this world. In fact, I can no longer deny that our assumption back
at the start—that the web and light novel editions will follow the same
general plot—might be falling apart.
Maybe, just maybe…
So I know all of this is irresponsible and capricious of me, but I’m
thinking very intently about the story content, trust me. Even if that
assumption falls to pieces, you know, the web version’s always gonna be
there for you! (But come on…)
Anyway, not to end it on a weird note like that, but here’s hoping you’ll
continue to support That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime.
Page|289
Goldenagato|  Thank you for buying this ebook, published by Yen On.
To get news about the latest manga, graphic novels, and light novels from
Yen Press, along with special offers and exclusive content, sign up for the
Yen Press newsletter.
Sign Up
Or visit us at www.yenpress.com/booklink
Page|290
Goldenagato|  